ID	ExplanationText
1	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: To definition C. D: Although definition D.
2	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Firm definition D.
3	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Economy definition D.
4	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Professor definition D.
5	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Region definition D.
6	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: No definition B. C: Continue definition C. D: Fear definition D.
7	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Instead definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Money definition D.
8	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Official definition D.
9	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: While definition B. C: New definition C. D: City definition D.
10	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Question definition D.
11	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Medical definition D.
12	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Southern definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Politics definition D.
13	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Especially definition C. D: Cup definition D.
14	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Course definition C. D: Long definition D.
15	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Sea definition D.
16	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
17	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Better definition D.
18	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
19	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Court definition D.
20	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Present definition D.
21	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: After definition D.
22	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: May definition C. D: Want definition D.
23	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Police definition C. D: We definition D.
24	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Daughter definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Small definition D.
25	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Yard definition D.
26	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Environment definition D.
27	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: Force definition D.
28	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Away definition D.
29	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Piece definition D.
30	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Notice definition D.
31	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Economy definition D.
32	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
33	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Rock definition C. D: Trip definition D.
34	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Field definition D.
35	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: To definition C. D: Back definition D.
36	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Manage definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
37	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Occur definition D.
38	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Main definition D.
39	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: My definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Dog definition D.
40	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Act definition C. D: As definition D.
41	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Free definition D.
42	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Low definition D.
43	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: True definition D.
44	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: He definition C. D: Best definition D.
45	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: The definition C. D: Technology definition D.
46	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Sense definition D.
47	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Some definition D.
48	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Safe definition D.
49	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Include definition D.
50	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Minute definition D.
51	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
52	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Manager definition D.
53	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Money definition D.
54	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: Someone definition D.
55	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Its definition D.
56	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Site definition D.
57	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Heart definition D.
58	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Ability definition B. C: House definition C. D: Sort definition D.
59	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Paper definition D.
60	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Generation definition D.
61	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: That definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Short definition D.
62	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Order definition C. D: Third definition D.
63	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: May definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Life definition D.
64	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Day definition D.
65	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Debate definition D.
66	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: How definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
67	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Of definition D.
68	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Professional definition D.
69	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Long definition C. D: Spend definition D.
70	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Notice definition D.
71	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Figure definition C. D: Which definition D.
72	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Successful definition D.
73	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
74	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Body definition D.
75	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Son definition C. D: Him definition D.
76	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Certain definition D.
77	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Hand definition D.
78	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Site definition D.
79	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Back definition D.
80	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Make definition D.
81	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Time definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Minute definition D.
82	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Wide definition D.
83	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Possible definition D.
84	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Man definition D.
85	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Point definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Nice definition D.
86	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Special definition D.
87	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Weight definition D.
88	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Of definition D.
89	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: State definition C. D: Father definition D.
90	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Best definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Most definition D.
91	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Congress definition D.
92	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Try definition D.
93	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Organization definition D.
94	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Gas definition D.
95	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: Onto definition D.
96	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Republican definition D.
97	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Can definition D.
98	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Protect definition D.
99	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Fast definition C. D: Move definition D.
100	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Cover definition D.
101	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Meet definition D.
102	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Just definition D.
103	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: South definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: International definition D.
104	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Present definition D.
105	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Now definition B. C: About definition C. D: Politics definition D.
106	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Movement definition D.
107	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Strong definition D.
108	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Explain definition D.
109	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Character definition C. D: While definition D.
110	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Common definition D.
111	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Only definition D.
112	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Peace definition D.
113	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Result definition D.
114	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
115	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Stay definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Store definition D.
116	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: National definition D.
117	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: On definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Support definition D.
118	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Your definition D.
119	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Where definition D.
120	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
121	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: More definition B. C: True definition C. D: Pm definition D.
122	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Himself definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
123	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Sister definition C. D: Sea definition D.
124	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Forward definition D.
125	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Main definition B. C: Whatever definition C. D: Might definition D.
126	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Authority definition D.
127	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Season definition C. D: Live definition D.
128	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Establish definition D.
129	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Lot definition D.
130	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Remember definition D.
131	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Ball definition D.
132	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
133	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Science definition D.
134	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Station definition B. C: North definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
135	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Time definition D.
136	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Call definition D.
137	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Player definition C. D: True definition D.
138	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Claim definition D.
139	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Worry definition D.
140	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Concern definition C. D: Executive definition D.
141	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Student definition D.
142	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Edge definition D.
143	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Forward definition D.
144	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Movement definition D.
145	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Professional definition D.
146	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: People definition C. D: Keep definition D.
147	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Call definition D.
148	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: Defense definition D.
149	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Special definition D.
150	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: College definition C. D: Sure definition D.
151	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Sure definition D.
152	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Their definition D.
153	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Key definition D.
154	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Like definition D.
155	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Sister definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Figure definition D.
156	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: One definition D.
157	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wind definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
158	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Who definition D.
159	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Hit definition D.
160	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: You definition C. D: Into definition D.
161	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Official definition D.
162	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Condition definition D.
163	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Certain definition D.
164	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
165	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Theory definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Young definition D.
166	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Example definition D.
167	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Market definition D.
168	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: City definition C. D: Charge definition D.
169	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Left definition D.
170	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: But definition D.
171	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Debate definition D.
172	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Draw definition D.
173	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Bank definition D.
174	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: Child definition D.
175	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: When definition D.
176	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Study definition D.
177	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Agree definition C. D: Long definition D.
178	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Executive definition D.
179	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Let definition C. D: May definition D.
180	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Score definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Tax definition D.
181	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
182	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Character definition D.
183	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Shoulder definition B. C: College definition C. D: Figure definition D.
184	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: State definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: Its definition D.
185	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Six definition D.
186	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Before definition D.
187	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: The definition C. D: Conference definition D.
188	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Important definition C. D: Her definition D.
189	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Too definition D.
190	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Call definition D.
191	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
192	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Inside definition D.
193	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Full definition C. D: But definition D.
194	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Vote definition D.
195	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: How definition D.
196	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Believe definition D.
197	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Amount definition D.
198	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Fly definition D.
199	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Star definition C. D: At definition D.
200	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Evening definition D.
201	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: While definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Manage definition D.
202	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Box definition C. D: Month definition D.
203	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: With definition B. C: There definition C. D: Practice definition D.
204	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Send definition C. D: They definition D.
205	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Public definition B. C: General definition C. D: Rather definition D.
206	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Analysis definition D.
207	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Result definition D.
208	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Top definition C. D: Out definition D.
209	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chair definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Like definition D.
210	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Court definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Key definition D.
211	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Course definition C. D: Name definition D.
212	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Describe definition C. D: Some definition D.
213	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
214	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Tend definition D.
215	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Hit definition D.
216	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Man definition D.
217	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Whatever definition C. D: Middle definition D.
218	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Tax definition D.
219	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Pull definition D.
220	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: No definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Value definition D.
221	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Result definition D.
222	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Happen definition B. C: President definition C. D: Manage definition D.
223	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Billion definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Player definition D.
224	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Professional definition D.
225	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: What definition C. D: Along definition D.
226	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Owner definition D.
227	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Market definition D.
228	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: First definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Trial definition D.
229	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Financial definition D.
230	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Effort definition D.
231	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Speech definition D.
232	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Item definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Where definition D.
233	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Be definition B. C: College definition C. D: Film definition D.
234	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Future definition D.
235	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Civil definition D.
236	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Focus definition D.
237	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Peace definition D.
238	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Treat definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Probably definition D.
239	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
240	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Fine definition D.
241	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Although definition D.
242	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Story definition D.
243	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Person definition D.
244	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Cup definition D.
245	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Under definition D.
246	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Collection definition D.
247	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
248	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: International definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Week definition D.
249	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Sound definition D.
250	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Teach definition B. C: See definition C. D: Himself definition D.
251	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Ready definition D.
252	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Hot definition D.
253	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Sister definition B. C: I definition C. D: Idea definition D.
254	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Hundred definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Federal definition D.
255	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Citizen definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Recent definition D.
256	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
257	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Each definition D.
258	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Son definition C. D: Financial definition D.
259	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Respond definition D.
260	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: However definition C. D: Improve definition D.
261	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Pass definition D.
262	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Building definition B. C: East definition C. D: Type definition D.
263	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: History definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Along definition D.
264	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
265	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Fund definition D.
266	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Not definition B. C: All definition C. D: Student definition D.
267	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Me definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Let definition D.
268	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
269	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Score definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Notice definition D.
270	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Eight definition D.
271	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chair definition A. B: Very definition B. C: Concern definition C. D: Condition definition D.
272	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Process definition C. D: No definition D.
273	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Pm definition D.
274	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Job definition D.
275	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Off definition C. D: Still definition D.
276	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Institution definition D.
277	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
278	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: There definition D.
279	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Provide definition D.
280	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Skill definition D.
281	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Model definition D.
282	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Sell definition D.
283	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Across definition D.
284	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Bed definition D.
285	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Only definition D.
286	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: End definition D.
287	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Southern definition D.
288	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Police definition D.
289	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Right definition D.
290	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Make definition B. C: How definition C. D: Each definition D.
291	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: These definition C. D: Who definition D.
292	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: In definition D.
293	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Herself definition D.
294	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Arm definition D.
295	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
296	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Keep definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Possible definition D.
297	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
298	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Artist definition D.
299	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: White definition C. D: Large definition D.
300	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Write definition D.
301	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Glass definition D.
302	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Add definition A. B: Season definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Return definition D.
303	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Amount definition D.
304	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: List definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Movement definition D.
305	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Baby definition D.
306	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Several definition D.
307	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Total definition D.
308	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: History definition C. D: Weight definition D.
309	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Detail definition D.
310	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Hair definition D.
311	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Authority definition D.
312	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Through definition D.
313	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Former definition D.
314	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Resource definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: Arm definition D.
315	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Us definition D.
316	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Later definition D.
317	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Where definition B. C: East definition C. D: Floor definition D.
318	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: To definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
319	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Service definition D.
320	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Black definition D.
321	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
322	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Discover definition D.
323	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Explain definition D.
324	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Wear definition D.
325	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Hot definition D.
326	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: College definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Rather definition D.
327	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Organization definition D.
328	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Hear definition D.
329	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Its definition B. C: At definition C. D: Kid definition D.
330	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Media definition B. C: Far definition C. D: I definition D.
331	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: By definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Day definition D.
332	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Sister definition C. D: Best definition D.
333	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Walk definition D.
334	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Guess definition D.
335	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Room definition D.
336	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Money definition B. C: History definition C. D: May definition D.
337	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Plant definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
338	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Use definition C. D: Consider definition D.
339	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Financial definition D.
340	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Strong definition D.
341	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Point definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Window definition D.
342	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Great definition D.
343	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Action definition C. D: Finish definition D.
344	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Know definition D.
345	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Save definition D.
346	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
347	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
348	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Month definition D.
349	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Leader definition D.
350	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Call definition B. C: It definition C. D: Respond definition D.
351	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: When definition C. D: Fear definition D.
352	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Player definition D.
353	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: Point definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Article definition D.
354	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Thing definition D.
355	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Involve definition D.
356	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Also definition D.
357	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: He definition C. D: Black definition D.
358	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Production definition D.
359	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Top definition D.
360	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Support definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
361	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Shoulder definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: West definition D.
362	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Final definition D.
363	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Account definition D.
364	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Theory definition C. D: Heart definition D.
365	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Herself definition D.
366	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
367	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ready definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Two definition D.
368	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Local definition D.
369	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Budget definition D.
370	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Either definition A. B: No definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Source definition D.
371	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Follow definition D.
372	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Great definition D.
373	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Since definition D.
374	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Gun definition D.
375	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Have definition B. C: They definition C. D: Write definition D.
376	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Down definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: When definition D.
377	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Policy definition D.
378	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Them definition D.
379	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Want definition C. D: White definition D.
380	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Write definition D.
381	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Theory definition D.
382	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Story definition D.
383	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Least definition D.
384	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Back definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Eye definition D.
385	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Sister definition C. D: Money definition D.
386	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Chance definition D.
387	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: To definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Develop definition D.
388	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Resource definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Claim definition D.
389	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Product definition D.
390	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: And definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Face definition D.
391	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: Environment definition D.
392	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Size definition D.
393	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Enough definition D.
394	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Would definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: However definition C. D: After definition D.
395	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Behind definition D.
396	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
397	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Feel definition D.
398	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Audience definition D.
399	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Sort definition D.
400	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Travel definition D.
401	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Seek definition C. D: Season definition D.
402	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Share definition D.
403	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
404	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Interview definition D.
405	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
406	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Responsibility definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Poor definition D.
407	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Fast definition D.
408	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skill definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Military definition D.
409	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Perform definition D.
410	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Send definition D.
411	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: Population definition D.
412	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Store definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Trip definition C. D: Hour definition D.
413	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Minute definition D.
414	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Entire definition C. D: Feel definition D.
415	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Occur definition D.
416	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Time definition D.
417	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Image definition D.
418	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Describe definition D.
419	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Main definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Couple definition D.
420	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Class definition D.
421	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Military definition D.
422	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: All definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Each definition D.
423	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Including definition D.
424	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Effort definition D.
425	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: No definition D.
426	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Audience definition D.
427	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Week definition C. D: How definition D.
428	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Type definition D.
429	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Blue definition D.
430	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Best definition C. D: Direction definition D.
431	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: College definition B. C: American definition C. D: Game definition D.
432	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Help definition D.
433	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Little definition D.
434	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Add definition D.
435	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Go definition D.
436	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Design definition D.
437	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: On definition C. D: Trip definition D.
438	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Although definition D.
439	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Happen definition D.
440	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Person definition C. D: While definition D.
441	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Between definition D.
442	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Together definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: International definition C. D: Color definition D.
443	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Reality definition D.
444	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Staff definition D.
445	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Half definition D.
446	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: During definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Let definition D.
447	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Three definition D.
448	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Dog definition D.
449	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: According definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Like definition D.
450	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: What definition C. D: Morning definition D.
451	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: East definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
452	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Career definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Remain definition D.
453	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Game definition D.
454	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Wife definition D.
455	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Ground definition D.
456	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attention definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Eight definition D.
457	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: New definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Leave definition D.
458	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Day definition D.
459	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: East definition D.
460	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Summer definition D.
461	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Watch definition D.
462	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Contain definition D.
463	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: His definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Despite definition D.
464	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
465	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Agree definition D.
466	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Role definition D.
467	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: General definition C. D: It definition D.
468	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Staff definition D.
469	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Building definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Democrat definition D.
470	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Set definition D.
471	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Follow definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Police definition C. D: While definition D.
472	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
473	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Everything definition D.
474	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Trouble definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Show definition D.
475	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Usually definition D.
476	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Policy definition D.
477	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Important definition C. D: Matter definition D.
478	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Allow definition D.
479	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
480	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Each definition B. C: To definition C. D: Congress definition D.
481	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Case definition D.
482	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Act definition C. D: Meet definition D.
483	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Street definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
484	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: Environmental definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Store definition D.
485	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
486	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: You definition C. D: Fish definition D.
487	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
488	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Would definition D.
489	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Enter definition D.
490	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Woman definition D.
491	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Whether definition D.
492	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: International definition C. D: Push definition D.
493	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
494	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Past definition D.
495	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skill definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Environment definition D.
496	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Decision definition D.
497	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Table definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Body definition D.
498	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: American definition D.
499	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Form definition D.
500	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Down definition D.
501	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Along definition D.
502	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Serious definition D.
503	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Wall definition D.
504	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Project definition D.
505	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: After definition C. D: Method definition D.
506	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Grow definition D.
507	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Side definition C. D: Analysis definition D.
508	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Clear definition D.
509	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Identify definition D.
510	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Product definition D.
511	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Thought definition D.
512	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
513	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Out definition D.
514	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Seat definition D.
515	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: Church definition C. D: May definition D.
516	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Various definition D.
517	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
518	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Fund definition D.
519	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Article definition B. C: All definition C. D: Phone definition D.
520	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Which definition D.
521	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Ability definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Eight definition D.
522	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Card definition D.
523	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Clear definition D.
524	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Skill definition D.
525	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Feeling definition C. D: Defense definition D.
526	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Pm definition D.
527	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Development definition D.
528	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Health definition D.
529	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Into definition B. C: None definition C. D: Career definition D.
530	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Question definition D.
531	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Your definition D.
532	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Deal definition D.
533	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Language definition D.
534	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Safe definition D.
535	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: East definition D.
536	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: War definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Factor definition D.
537	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
538	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: According definition D.
539	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Try definition C. D: Improve definition D.
540	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: By definition D.
541	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Various definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
542	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Ball definition D.
543	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Push definition D.
544	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Agree definition D.
545	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
546	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Natural definition D.
547	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Word definition D.
548	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Fight definition D.
549	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Learn definition D.
550	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Traditional definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
551	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Over definition D.
552	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Choose definition D.
553	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Instead definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
554	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Year definition D.
555	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Owner definition D.
556	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Memory definition D.
557	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Probably definition D.
558	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Budget definition D.
559	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Nation definition D.
560	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
561	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Same definition D.
562	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Price definition D.
563	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Four definition D.
564	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Someone definition D.
565	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Hope definition D.
566	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
567	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Art definition D.
568	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
569	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Receive definition D.
570	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Through definition D.
571	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Story definition D.
572	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Race definition D.
573	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Radio definition D.
574	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Hope definition D.
575	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: We definition C. D: Wish definition D.
576	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Community definition D.
577	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Prove definition D.
578	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Chance definition D.
579	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
580	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Baby definition D.
581	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Example definition D.
582	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Building definition D.
583	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
584	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Me definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: When definition D.
585	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Reflect definition D.
586	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: These definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Old definition D.
587	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Popular definition D.
588	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Power definition D.
589	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
590	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
591	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: Young definition D.
592	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: He definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Look definition D.
593	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Attack definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
594	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Performance definition C. D: Accept definition D.
595	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Affect definition D.
596	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Option definition D.
597	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Close definition D.
598	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: No definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Large definition D.
599	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Discover definition D.
600	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Message definition D.
601	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Child definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Truth definition D.
602	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Have definition D.
603	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Cell definition D.
604	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Should definition D.
605	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
606	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
607	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: National definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: There definition D.
608	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Spring definition D.
609	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Event definition D.
610	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Network definition D.
611	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Food definition D.
612	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Couple definition D.
613	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Community definition D.
614	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Response definition D.
615	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: Worker definition D.
616	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Side definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Service definition D.
617	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Painting definition D.
618	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Response definition D.
619	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Very definition B. C: State definition C. D: Available definition D.
620	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hope definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Know definition D.
621	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Cover definition D.
622	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Position definition D.
623	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Degree definition D.
624	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Realize definition D.
625	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Often definition D.
626	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: West definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Drop definition D.
627	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Important definition D.
628	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Its definition D.
629	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Pm definition D.
630	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Admit definition C. D: List definition D.
631	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Price definition D.
632	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Popular definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Much definition D.
633	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Great definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Decision definition D.
634	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
635	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Hear definition D.
636	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Until definition D.
637	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Anything definition D.
638	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: New definition D.
639	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Sign definition D.
640	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Work definition D.
641	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Join definition D.
642	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Number definition D.
643	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Event definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Stay definition D.
644	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Store definition D.
645	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
646	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Father definition D.
647	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Cost definition D.
648	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Past definition B. C: While definition C. D: Likely definition D.
649	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Seven definition D.
650	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Happy definition D.
651	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: On definition C. D: Floor definition D.
652	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Leader definition D.
653	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Choose definition D.
654	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Must definition D.
655	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Take definition D.
656	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
657	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
658	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Her definition D.
659	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: At definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Thought definition D.
660	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Eight definition D.
661	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: How definition B. C: Address definition C. D: House definition D.
662	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Interview definition D.
663	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Order definition D.
664	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Mr definition D.
665	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: President definition C. D: Fish definition D.
666	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Enough definition D.
667	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Step definition D.
668	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Garden definition D.
669	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Save definition D.
670	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Color definition D.
671	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Issue definition D.
672	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Tax definition D.
673	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Environment definition D.
674	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Question definition C. D: Line definition D.
675	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Lead definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Program definition D.
676	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Offer definition D.
677	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Season definition C. D: Main definition D.
678	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
679	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Father definition D.
680	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Fall definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Key definition D.
681	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Light definition D.
682	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
683	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Event definition D.
684	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: None definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
685	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Education definition D.
686	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: How definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Quite definition D.
687	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Memory definition D.
688	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Person definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: Alone definition D.
689	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Day definition D.
690	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Drop definition C. D: House definition D.
691	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
692	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: What definition B. C: Week definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
693	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Age definition D.
694	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Understand definition C. D: Section definition D.
695	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Section definition D.
696	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Back definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Smile definition D.
697	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: The definition C. D: Author definition D.
698	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Learn definition D.
699	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Father definition D.
700	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Example definition D.
701	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Win definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Major definition C. D: To definition D.
702	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
703	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: Report definition D.
704	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Executive definition D.
705	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: There definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Worker definition D.
706	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: These definition D.
707	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
708	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
709	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Want definition D.
710	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Operation definition D.
711	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Four definition D.
712	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Song definition D.
713	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Determine definition D.
714	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Song definition D.
715	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: General definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Herself definition D.
716	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Level definition D.
717	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Four definition D.
718	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: National definition B. C: To definition C. D: Concern definition D.
719	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Church definition C. D: War definition D.
720	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Since definition D.
721	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
722	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Page definition D.
723	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Nice definition D.
724	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: High definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: At definition D.
725	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Food definition D.
726	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Trip definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
727	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Senior definition D.
728	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Although definition B. C: New definition C. D: So definition D.
729	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Important definition D.
730	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Hard definition D.
731	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skill definition A. B: His definition B. C: Law definition C. D: Make definition D.
732	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Home definition D.
733	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Top definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Tend definition D.
734	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Later definition D.
735	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Not definition D.
736	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: School definition C. D: Season definition D.
737	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Use definition C. D: Hour definition D.
738	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Weight definition D.
739	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
740	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: See definition D.
741	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Old definition D.
742	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Number definition D.
743	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Outside definition D.
744	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
745	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Play definition D.
746	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Money definition D.
747	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: End definition C. D: Else definition D.
748	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: Lead definition D.
749	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hard definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: General definition C. D: Step definition D.
750	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Speak definition D.
751	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dog definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
752	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Light definition D.
753	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Believe definition D.
754	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Decade definition D.
755	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Wind definition D.
756	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Week definition C. D: Family definition D.
757	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Day definition D.
758	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Child definition D.
759	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Perform definition D.
760	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Before definition B. C: So definition C. D: Region definition D.
761	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Loss definition D.
762	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Matter definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: Across definition D.
763	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Institution definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Total definition C. D: Ball definition D.
764	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Coach definition D.
765	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: At definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Tax definition D.
766	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Structure definition D.
767	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Tax definition D.
768	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Worker definition D.
769	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: When definition D.
770	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: General definition B. C: While definition C. D: Generation definition D.
771	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Easy definition D.
772	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Person definition C. D: Wish definition D.
773	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Police definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Billion definition D.
774	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Local definition D.
775	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Teach definition D.
776	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
777	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Enter definition D.
778	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Determine definition D.
779	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Hear definition D.
780	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Bill definition D.
781	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Save definition B. C: While definition C. D: Service definition D.
782	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Item definition D.
783	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: While definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Both definition D.
784	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Career definition D.
785	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Land definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
786	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Why definition D.
787	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Citizen definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Unit definition D.
788	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Year definition C. D: Special definition D.
789	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Theory definition D.
790	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Might definition D.
791	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Financial definition D.
792	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Accept definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Career definition D.
793	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Main definition D.
794	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Could definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: So definition C. D: Risk definition D.
795	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Why definition B. C: End definition C. D: Let definition D.
796	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: All definition B. C: International definition C. D: Hold definition D.
797	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Drug definition D.
798	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throw definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Process definition D.
799	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Evening definition C. D: Happy definition D.
800	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Market definition D.
801	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Son definition D.
802	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Spring definition D.
803	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Alone definition D.
804	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Whether definition D.
805	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Support definition D.
806	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Beat definition D.
807	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
808	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Accept definition D.
809	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
810	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Most definition D.
811	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Behind definition C. D: Expect definition D.
812	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Minute definition D.
813	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Year definition D.
814	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Street definition A. B: City definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Foot definition D.
815	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Director definition C. D: Fall definition D.
816	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Girl definition D.
817	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Add definition D.
818	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Her definition D.
819	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Church definition D.
820	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Loss definition D.
821	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Why definition D.
822	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
823	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Blood definition D.
824	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: International definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Look definition D.
825	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
826	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Behavior definition C. D: Organization definition D.
827	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Sense definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Ago definition D.
828	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Line definition D.
829	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: North definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Everybody definition D.
830	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Under definition B. C: House definition C. D: Future definition D.
831	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: Much definition D.
832	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Item definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Order definition D.
833	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Professor definition D.
834	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
835	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Which definition D.
836	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: National definition B. C: Course definition C. D: Star definition D.
837	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Animal definition D.
838	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Note definition D.
839	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Once definition D.
840	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Others definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
841	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Guess definition D.
842	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: World definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Painting definition D.
843	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Rest definition D.
844	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Significant definition D.
845	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
846	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Check definition B. C: History definition C. D: Boy definition D.
847	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Once definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Relate definition D.
848	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Idea definition D.
849	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Not definition D.
850	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Film definition C. D: By definition D.
851	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: College definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Respond definition D.
852	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Either definition D.
853	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: New definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Sing definition D.
854	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Arm definition D.
855	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: System definition D.
856	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Sign definition D.
857	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: View definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Expert definition D.
858	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Red definition D.
859	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Create definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Last definition D.
860	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Detail definition D.
861	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Ball definition D.
862	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Our definition D.
863	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Modern definition D.
864	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Around definition D.
865	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Everybody definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Just definition D.
866	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Head definition D.
867	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
868	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Matter definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Guy definition D.
869	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Huge definition D.
870	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Deal definition D.
871	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: However definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
872	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Face definition D.
873	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Home definition D.
874	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: She definition C. D: Generation definition D.
875	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Physical definition D.
876	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Significant definition D.
877	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Blood definition D.
878	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
879	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Against definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Half definition D.
880	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Ground definition D.
881	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Front definition D.
882	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Top definition D.
883	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Lead definition D.
884	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Me definition D.
885	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Some definition D.
886	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Game definition D.
887	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Blood definition D.
888	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Process definition D.
889	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Ever definition D.
890	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Individual definition D.
891	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Production definition D.
892	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Test definition D.
893	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Same definition D.
894	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hard definition A. B: View definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Character definition D.
895	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Car definition D.
896	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Old definition C. D: American definition D.
897	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Rock definition C. D: Policy definition D.
898	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: His definition D.
899	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Everybody definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Store definition D.
900	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Wall definition D.
901	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Agent definition D.
902	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
903	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Job definition D.
904	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Interest definition D.
905	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Decide definition D.
906	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: End definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Health definition D.
907	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Hit definition C. D: Event definition D.
908	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Page definition D.
909	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Else definition D.
910	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Consider definition D.
911	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Teach definition D.
912	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Real definition D.
913	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Understand definition C. D: High definition D.
914	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Star definition D.
915	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Responsibility definition A. B: Data definition B. C: East definition C. D: Moment definition D.
916	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
917	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Audience definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Relate definition D.
918	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movement definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Protect definition D.
919	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Risk definition D.
920	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soon definition A. B: Once definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
921	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Another definition D.
922	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Structure definition D.
923	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Everybody definition D.
924	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Detail definition C. D: Tell definition D.
925	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: Research definition D.
926	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Evening definition D.
927	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Way definition D.
928	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Similar definition D.
929	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Executive definition D.
930	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: Concern definition D.
931	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Affect definition D.
932	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Look definition D.
933	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Point definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Manage definition D.
934	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Capital definition D.
935	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: Media definition D.
936	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Score definition C. D: Approach definition D.
937	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: This definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Spend definition D.
938	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Consider definition D.
939	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Least definition B. C: On definition C. D: West definition D.
940	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Customer definition D.
941	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
942	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Degree definition D.
943	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Last definition D.
944	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Participant definition D.
945	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spring definition A. B: Money definition B. C: World definition C. D: Set definition D.
946	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Probably definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Young definition D.
947	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Happen definition D.
948	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Serious definition D.
949	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Total definition C. D: Low definition D.
950	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Politics definition D.
951	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Involve definition D.
952	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Security definition D.
953	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Current definition D.
954	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Five definition B. C: Card definition C. D: All definition D.
955	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Join definition D.
956	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Look definition B. C: No definition C. D: Whose definition D.
957	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Explain definition D.
958	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Board definition D.
959	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Attack definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Amount definition D.
960	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
961	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Few definition D.
962	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
963	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Along definition C. D: She definition D.
964	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Rule definition D.
965	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: To definition C. D: Rock definition D.
966	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Land definition D.
967	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Event definition A. B: Exactly definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Attack definition D.
968	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: High definition D.
969	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Could definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Something definition D.
970	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: Fire definition D.
971	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
972	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Year definition D.
973	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Like definition D.
974	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Here definition D.
975	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Establish definition D.
976	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Late definition D.
977	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: More definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Professor definition D.
978	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Would definition D.
979	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Girl definition D.
980	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Carry definition D.
981	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Learn definition D.
982	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: See definition C. D: Without definition D.
983	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Office definition D.
984	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Why definition D.
985	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Like definition D.
986	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: None definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Decide definition D.
987	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Herself definition D.
988	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Recent definition D.
989	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Away definition D.
990	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Poor definition D.
991	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
992	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Person definition C. D: Lay definition D.
993	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Serious definition D.
994	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Other definition D.
995	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Such definition D.
996	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Term definition C. D: See definition D.
997	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Model definition B. C: You definition C. D: Meet definition D.
998	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Economic definition D.
999	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Check definition D.
1000	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Debate definition D.
1001	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: The definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Body definition D.
1002	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Figure definition D.
1003	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: From definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Either definition D.
1004	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Claim definition D.
1005	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: From definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Ago definition D.
1006	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Mean definition D.
1007	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Peace definition D.
1008	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Training definition D.
1009	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Expect definition D.
1010	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Church definition D.
1011	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Win definition D.
1012	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Cover definition D.
1013	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Be definition D.
1014	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Fall definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Skin definition D.
1015	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
1016	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: So definition C. D: Any definition D.
1017	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Feel definition D.
1018	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: First definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Probably definition D.
1019	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Unit definition A. B: Person definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Couple definition D.
1020	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: And definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Effect definition D.
1021	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: Box definition C. D: Effect definition D.
1022	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Congress definition D.
1023	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: What definition C. D: Sit definition D.
1024	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: You definition C. D: Make definition D.
1025	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Public definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Outside definition D.
1026	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sister definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Produce definition D.
1027	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Treat definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
1028	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: When definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Them definition D.
1029	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Any definition D.
1030	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Myself definition D.
1031	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mouth definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Early definition D.
1032	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Vote definition D.
1033	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Citizen definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Generation definition C. D: Society definition D.
1034	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Important definition D.
1035	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Truth definition D.
1036	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Should definition D.
1037	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Sit definition D.
1038	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: Ago definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Apply definition D.
1039	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Produce definition D.
1040	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Fight definition D.
1041	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Lot definition D.
1042	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Election definition D.
1043	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Product definition D.
1044	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Per definition D.
1045	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: New definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Fall definition D.
1046	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: Its definition D.
1047	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Third definition D.
1048	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: View definition D.
1049	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Movie definition D.
1050	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Serious definition D.
1051	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Both definition D.
1052	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Common definition D.
1053	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
1054	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
1055	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
1056	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Learn definition D.
1057	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: She definition D.
1058	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
1059	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Social definition D.
1060	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Her definition D.
1061	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Can definition D.
1062	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Describe definition D.
1063	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Moment definition D.
1064	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Step definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: Describe definition D.
1065	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Break definition D.
1066	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Successful definition D.
1067	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Pass definition D.
1068	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Everything definition D.
1069	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Enter definition D.
1070	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Food definition D.
1071	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Fly definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Create definition D.
1072	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
1073	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Enter definition D.
1074	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Need definition D.
1075	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Father definition D.
1076	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: Others definition D.
1077	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Alone definition D.
1078	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: In definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Feel definition D.
1079	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Mr definition D.
1080	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Dream definition D.
1081	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Year definition D.
1082	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Item definition D.
1083	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Discover definition D.
1084	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Plan definition D.
1085	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Language definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Customer definition D.
1086	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Me definition D.
1087	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Six definition B. C: His definition C. D: Claim definition D.
1088	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
1089	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: State definition C. D: Common definition D.
1090	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Thank definition D.
1091	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Bed definition D.
1092	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Rock definition D.
1093	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: All definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Value definition D.
1094	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Response definition D.
1095	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: To definition C. D: Position definition D.
1096	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Strong definition D.
1097	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: There definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Generation definition D.
1098	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
1099	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Wall definition D.
1100	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Research definition D.
1101	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
1102	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: She definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Republican definition D.
1103	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Front definition D.
1104	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Significant definition C. D: Main definition D.
1105	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Impact definition D.
1106	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: By definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
1107	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: By definition B. C: But definition C. D: Dark definition D.
1108	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Put definition D.
1109	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Smile definition D.
1110	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Significant definition D.
1111	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Question definition B. C: About definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
1112	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Sell definition D.
1113	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Push definition D.
1114	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: By definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Oil definition D.
1115	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Defense definition C. D: Southern definition D.
1116	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Reason definition D.
1117	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Again definition D.
1118	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Choice definition D.
1119	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: All definition D.
1120	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Red definition D.
1121	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: With definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Whether definition D.
1122	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Street definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Do definition D.
1123	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Ago definition D.
1124	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Social definition D.
1125	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: Catch definition D.
1126	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Line definition D.
1127	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Something definition D.
1128	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: State definition C. D: Road definition D.
1129	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Build definition D.
1130	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: Since definition D.
1131	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Deal definition D.
1132	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Current definition C. D: See definition D.
1133	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Describe definition C. D: Party definition D.
1134	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Structure definition D.
1135	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Show definition D.
1136	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Risk definition D.
1137	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
1138	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Issue definition D.
1139	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: So definition C. D: But definition D.
1140	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Team definition D.
1141	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Simply definition D.
1142	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Shake definition D.
1143	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
1144	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: In definition D.
1145	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Field definition D.
1146	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Step definition D.
1147	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Price definition D.
1148	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Score definition D.
1149	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Walk definition D.
1150	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Present definition B. C: May definition C. D: Others definition D.
1151	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Rather definition D.
1152	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Something definition D.
1153	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Give definition D.
1154	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Piece definition D.
1155	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Age definition D.
1156	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Rate definition D.
1157	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Feel definition D.
1158	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Matter definition B. C: No definition C. D: Perform definition D.
1159	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: She definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
1160	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: South definition C. D: Clear definition D.
1161	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
1162	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Space definition D.
1163	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
1164	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Word definition D.
1165	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Rate definition D.
1166	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Toward definition D.
1167	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Understand definition D.
1168	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Middle definition D.
1169	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Seat definition D.
1170	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Hour definition D.
1171	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: Resource definition D.
1172	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: At definition D.
1173	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Turn definition D.
1174	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Myself definition D.
1175	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Finally definition D.
1176	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Service definition D.
1177	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Finish definition D.
1178	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Ready definition D.
1179	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Between definition D.
1180	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: System definition D.
1181	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
1182	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Air definition D.
1183	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Detail definition C. D: Word definition D.
1184	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Yard definition D.
1185	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Save definition D.
1186	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: Leg definition D.
1187	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Choose definition D.
1188	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Resource definition D.
1189	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
1190	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Animal definition D.
1191	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Wait definition D.
1192	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Its definition D.
1193	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Message definition D.
1194	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: And definition C. D: Mind definition D.
1195	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Fall definition D.
1196	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
1197	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Close definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Word definition D.
1198	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Vote definition D.
1199	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: American definition D.
1200	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hope definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Sound definition D.
1201	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Continue definition C. D: Government definition D.
1202	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Light definition D.
1203	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Try definition D.
1204	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
1205	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: City definition C. D: Financial definition D.
1206	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Sport definition D.
1207	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Role definition D.
1208	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Threat definition D.
1209	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Score definition C. D: Long definition D.
1210	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Relationship definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Past definition D.
1211	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Least definition D.
1212	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Than definition D.
1213	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Order definition C. D: West definition D.
1214	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Through definition D.
1215	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: American definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Technology definition D.
1216	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: I definition C. D: Store definition D.
1217	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
1218	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Congress definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Why definition D.
1219	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Change definition D.
1220	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Body definition D.
1221	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Kind definition D.
1222	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Minute definition D.
1223	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Measure definition D.
1224	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Agree definition D.
1225	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Room definition B. C: But definition C. D: Across definition D.
1226	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Task definition D.
1227	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Support definition C. D: Play definition D.
1228	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Week definition D.
1229	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Key definition D.
1230	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Arm definition D.
1231	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Trip definition D.
1232	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Hit definition D.
1233	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Thought definition D.
1234	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Eat definition D.
1235	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Change definition D.
1236	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
1237	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Star definition D.
1238	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Treatment definition D.
1239	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Bar definition D.
1240	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Exist definition D.
1241	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: School definition C. D: Key definition D.
1242	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Pick definition D.
1243	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Project definition D.
1244	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Simply definition D.
1245	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Mean definition D.
1246	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Some definition C. D: Top definition D.
1247	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Cell definition D.
1248	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
1249	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Begin definition D.
1250	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Research definition B. C: City definition C. D: Paper definition D.
1251	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Available definition D.
1252	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Apply definition D.
1253	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: They definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
1254	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Trade definition D.
1255	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Only definition C. D: Environment definition D.
1256	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Member definition D.
1257	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Another definition C. D: City definition D.
1258	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Add definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Whatever definition C. D: Card definition D.
1259	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Drop definition D.
1260	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Be definition C. D: American definition D.
1261	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Similar definition D.
1262	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Force definition D.
1263	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Hand definition D.
1264	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Language definition A. B: West definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Whether definition D.
1265	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Sing definition D.
1266	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Effect definition D.
1267	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Bring definition D.
1268	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Large definition D.
1269	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: First definition B. C: Take definition C. D: Law definition D.
1270	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Image definition D.
1271	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Response definition D.
1272	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
1273	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Against definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Bring definition D.
1274	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Wide definition D.
1275	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: News definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Poor definition D.
1276	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: We definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
1277	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Type definition D.
1278	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Claim definition D.
1279	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Effect definition D.
1280	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Page definition D.
1281	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Military definition D.
1282	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: North definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Boy definition D.
1283	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Land definition C. D: Adult definition D.
1284	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Bit definition D.
1285	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Fund definition D.
1286	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Sister definition D.
1287	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Down definition D.
1288	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Time definition D.
1289	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: College definition C. D: Debate definition D.
1290	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Either definition D.
1291	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Final definition C. D: My definition D.
1292	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Central definition D.
1293	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Attack definition C. D: While definition D.
1294	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Trial definition D.
1295	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Foot definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Size definition D.
1296	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Century definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Each definition D.
1297	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Them definition D.
1298	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Standard definition D.
1299	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Street definition D.
1300	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Player definition D.
1301	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Short definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Stay definition D.
1302	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: See definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Seem definition D.
1303	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effort definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Report definition D.
1304	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: East definition D.
1305	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Chance definition D.
1306	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: After definition C. D: Sit definition D.
1307	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Break definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Particular definition D.
1308	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Common definition D.
1309	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Final definition D.
1310	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Mention definition C. D: Degree definition D.
1311	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Shoulder definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Until definition D.
1312	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Leave definition D.
1313	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Operation definition D.
1314	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Space definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Magazine definition D.
1315	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: For definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Organization definition D.
1316	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Open definition D.
1317	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Summer definition D.
1318	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Lose definition D.
1319	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: When definition D.
1320	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: Just definition D.
1321	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: A definition D.
1322	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Form definition B. C: General definition C. D: Morning definition D.
1323	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movement definition A. B: Everybody definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Instead definition D.
1324	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
1325	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Skill definition D.
1326	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Investment definition D.
1327	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Throw definition D.
1328	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Quite definition D.
1329	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Real definition D.
1330	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Wait definition D.
1331	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Bank definition D.
1332	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Point definition D.
1333	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
1334	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: What definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Ground definition D.
1335	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: By definition D.
1336	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Side definition D.
1337	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Poor definition D.
1338	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: During definition B. C: People definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
1339	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Machine definition D.
1340	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Case definition C. D: White definition D.
1341	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Community definition B. C: End definition C. D: Fly definition D.
1342	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Amount definition D.
1343	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Until definition D.
1344	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Probably definition D.
1345	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Popular definition D.
1346	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: After definition D.
1347	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Day definition D.
1348	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Energy definition D.
1349	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Billion definition D.
1350	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Chance definition D.
1351	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Sure definition D.
1352	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Watch definition D.
1353	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Front definition D.
1354	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Quite definition D.
1355	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Successful definition D.
1356	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Fall definition D.
1357	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Lose definition D.
1358	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Lose definition D.
1359	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Owner definition D.
1360	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Stage definition D.
1361	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Region definition B. C: One definition C. D: Ten definition D.
1362	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Project definition D.
1363	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Subject definition D.
1364	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Spring definition D.
1365	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Project definition D.
1366	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Debate definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Camera definition D.
1367	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
1368	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Win definition D.
1369	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Range definition D.
1370	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Green definition D.
1371	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Great definition D.
1372	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Popular definition D.
1373	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Agree definition C. D: Door definition D.
1374	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Pick definition D.
1375	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Would definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Return definition D.
1376	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Ok definition D.
1377	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Sort definition D.
1378	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Year definition D.
1379	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Through definition A. B: She definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Point definition D.
1380	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: International definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Think definition D.
1381	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Community definition D.
1382	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Tell definition D.
1383	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Before definition D.
1384	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Recently definition D.
1385	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Ago definition D.
1386	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Myself definition D.
1387	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Energy definition D.
1388	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Kind definition D.
1389	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Right definition D.
1390	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Control definition D.
1391	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: As definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Son definition D.
1392	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Most definition D.
1393	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Win definition A. B: Add definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: With definition D.
1394	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: On definition D.
1395	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Edge definition D.
1396	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Product definition D.
1397	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Him definition B. C: End definition C. D: Thing definition D.
1398	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Rise definition D.
1399	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Move definition D.
1400	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Action definition D.
1401	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Head definition D.
1402	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Air definition C. D: First definition D.
1403	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Generation definition D.
1404	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Win definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Across definition D.
1405	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Five definition D.
1406	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Yet definition C. D: Rest definition D.
1407	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Several definition D.
1408	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Lay definition D.
1409	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Not definition D.
1410	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Step definition D.
1411	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Fight definition D.
1412	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Nation definition D.
1413	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Smile definition D.
1414	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: He definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: I definition D.
1415	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Others definition D.
1416	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Person definition C. D: Story definition D.
1417	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Few definition D.
1418	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Bring definition D.
1419	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Experience definition D.
1420	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Money definition D.
1421	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: One definition D.
1422	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Open definition C. D: When definition D.
1423	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Few definition D.
1424	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Lawyer definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Property definition D.
1425	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Article definition D.
1426	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
1427	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Concern definition D.
1428	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pass definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Human definition D.
1429	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Try definition D.
1430	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: But definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Skin definition D.
1431	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Century definition D.
1432	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Plant definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Surface definition D.
1433	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Defense definition D.
1434	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: Be definition D.
1435	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Agency definition D.
1436	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Reach definition D.
1437	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Hand definition D.
1438	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Very definition D.
1439	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Bed definition D.
1440	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: However definition C. D: Role definition D.
1441	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Power definition D.
1442	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Customer definition D.
1443	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Someone definition D.
1444	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Million definition D.
1445	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Miss definition D.
1446	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Federal definition D.
1447	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Institution definition D.
1448	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Hair definition D.
1449	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
1450	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Record definition D.
1451	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: A definition D.
1452	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Away definition B. C: When definition C. D: Catch definition D.
1453	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: However definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
1454	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Nor definition D.
1455	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
1456	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Plan definition D.
1457	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Direction definition D.
1458	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Oil definition D.
1459	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Production definition D.
1460	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: That definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Power definition D.
1461	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: My definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Gas definition D.
1462	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Employee definition D.
1463	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Decade definition D.
1464	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: Customer definition D.
1465	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Feel definition D.
1466	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: With definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Treat definition D.
1467	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Down definition C. D: Reason definition D.
1468	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Even definition D.
1469	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Truth definition D.
1470	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Many definition D.
1471	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: Deal definition D.
1472	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Behind definition D.
1473	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Education definition D.
1474	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Entire definition D.
1475	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Court definition C. D: Line definition D.
1476	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Near definition D.
1477	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Billion definition D.
1478	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Local definition D.
1479	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Tell definition D.
1480	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
1481	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Think definition D.
1482	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Today definition D.
1483	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Really definition D.
1484	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
1485	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: So definition B. C: These definition C. D: Job definition D.
1486	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: Expert definition D.
1487	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Page definition D.
1488	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Smile definition D.
1489	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Rise definition D.
1490	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Activity definition D.
1491	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Modern definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Morning definition D.
1492	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
1493	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Debate definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Support definition D.
1494	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Fly definition D.
1495	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: City definition B. C: More definition C. D: Certain definition D.
1496	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Story definition D.
1497	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Trip definition D.
1498	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Once definition D.
1499	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: School definition C. D: Especially definition D.
1500	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
1501	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Reality definition D.
1502	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Phone definition D.
1503	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: City definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Test definition D.
1504	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: New definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Charge definition D.
1505	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Last definition B. C: According definition C. D: Couple definition D.
1506	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: That definition D.
1507	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Tree definition D.
1508	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Her definition D.
1509	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Movie definition D.
1510	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Raise definition D.
1511	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Through definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Quality definition D.
1512	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Through definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
1513	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Glass definition D.
1514	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: Raise definition D.
1515	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Well definition B. C: Would definition C. D: Edge definition D.
1516	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Big definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Quite definition D.
1517	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: End definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Option definition D.
1518	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Material definition D.
1519	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: No definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Generation definition D.
1520	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Care definition D.
1521	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
1522	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Study definition B. C: More definition C. D: To definition D.
1523	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Property definition D.
1524	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Right definition D.
1525	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Specific definition D.
1526	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Quite definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Today definition D.
1527	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Those definition D.
1528	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Close definition D.
1529	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Source definition D.
1530	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
1531	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Affect definition D.
1532	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Such definition B. C: As definition C. D: With definition D.
1533	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Share definition D.
1534	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
1535	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Society definition C. D: Read definition D.
1536	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Ready definition D.
1537	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Fly definition D.
1538	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Anyone definition B. C: Entire definition C. D: Protect definition D.
1539	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Name definition D.
1540	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: In definition D.
1541	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Note definition A. B: Time definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Appear definition D.
1542	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: But definition D.
1543	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Three definition D.
1544	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Can definition D.
1545	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Identify definition D.
1546	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Information definition D.
1547	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Never definition D.
1548	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Push definition D.
1549	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: What definition B. C: Source definition C. D: While definition D.
1550	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Believe definition D.
1551	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: We definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Market definition D.
1552	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Attack definition C. D: Out definition D.
1553	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Do definition D.
1554	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: From definition D.
1555	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Writer definition D.
1556	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
1557	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Practice definition D.
1558	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Improve definition C. D: Action definition D.
1559	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Admit definition D.
1560	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Build definition D.
1561	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
1562	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Region definition D.
1563	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Task definition C. D: However definition D.
1564	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Water definition D.
1565	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Up definition B. C: She definition C. D: There definition D.
1566	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
1567	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Seven definition D.
1568	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Section definition D.
1569	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: After definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Total definition D.
1570	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Blue definition D.
1571	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Fact definition D.
1572	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: History definition D.
1573	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Join definition C. D: End definition D.
1574	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Rest definition D.
1575	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Wish definition D.
1576	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Just definition D.
1577	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Seat definition D.
1578	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Dream definition D.
1579	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Even definition D.
1580	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
1581	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Base definition D.
1582	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
1583	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: World definition B. C: View definition C. D: Significant definition D.
1584	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spring definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Go definition D.
1585	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Share definition D.
1586	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Paper definition D.
1587	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Leg definition D.
1588	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Medical definition B. C: Later definition C. D: Fact definition D.
1589	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
1590	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
1591	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Hold definition D.
1592	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Half definition D.
1593	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Boy definition D.
1594	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Station definition A. B: See definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Ask definition D.
1595	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: When definition D.
1596	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Condition definition D.
1597	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: History definition D.
1598	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Hard definition D.
1599	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Quite definition B. C: Defense definition C. D: Politics definition D.
1600	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Ago definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
1601	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Would definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Summer definition D.
1602	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Decide definition D.
1603	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Least definition D.
1604	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Reduce definition C. D: Window definition D.
1605	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Question definition C. D: Establish definition D.
1606	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: South definition C. D: Here definition D.
1607	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Management definition D.
1608	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Individual definition D.
1609	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Evening definition C. D: Would definition D.
1610	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Born definition D.
1611	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: War definition C. D: Often definition D.
1612	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Science definition D.
1613	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Information definition D.
1614	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Health definition D.
1615	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Community definition D.
1616	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Reality definition D.
1617	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Sort definition D.
1618	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: Itself definition D.
1619	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Individual definition D.
1620	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Edge definition D.
1621	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Become definition D.
1622	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Collection definition D.
1623	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Always definition D.
1624	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Customer definition D.
1625	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Arm definition D.
1626	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Growth definition D.
1627	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Three definition D.
1628	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Author definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Food definition D.
1629	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Amount definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Anything definition D.
1630	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Should definition B. C: When definition C. D: Difference definition D.
1631	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
1632	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
1633	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Side definition C. D: Week definition D.
1634	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: The definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
1635	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Low definition D.
1636	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Moment definition D.
1637	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: During definition D.
1638	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Close definition D.
1639	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Stuff definition C. D: Activity definition D.
1640	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Top definition D.
1641	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
1642	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Professor definition D.
1643	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Space definition D.
1644	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Many definition D.
1645	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Draw definition C. D: Will definition D.
1646	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Save definition D.
1647	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
1648	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Happy definition D.
1649	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Top definition C. D: Movie definition D.
1650	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
1651	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Forget definition D.
1652	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Provide definition D.
1653	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Win definition C. D: She definition D.
1654	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Next definition B. C: When definition C. D: Worry definition D.
1655	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Realize definition D.
1656	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Represent definition D.
1657	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Raise definition C. D: Full definition D.
1658	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Population definition B. C: National definition C. D: Decade definition D.
1659	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Shake definition D.
1660	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: A definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Local definition D.
1661	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Add definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: West definition D.
1662	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Film definition D.
1663	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Look definition C. D: Action definition D.
1664	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Fact definition D.
1665	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Bring definition D.
1666	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: No definition C. D: Per definition D.
1667	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Science definition D.
1668	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Federal definition D.
1669	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Water definition D.
1670	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
1671	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Trip definition D.
1672	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Nice definition D.
1673	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
1674	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Hour definition D.
1675	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
1676	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Inside definition D.
1677	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Various definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
1678	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: City definition C. D: During definition D.
1679	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Air definition C. D: Reality definition D.
1680	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Office definition D.
1681	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Cell definition D.
1682	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rock definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Believe definition D.
1683	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
1684	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Study definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Debate definition D.
1685	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Street definition D.
1686	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: These definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Group definition D.
1687	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: House definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Call definition C. D: Mean definition D.
1688	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Detail definition D.
1689	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Set definition D.
1690	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Ago definition D.
1691	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Finally definition D.
1692	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Card definition D.
1693	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Teach definition D.
1694	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Science definition D.
1695	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: First definition D.
1696	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Role definition D.
1697	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Near definition B. C: While definition C. D: The definition D.
1698	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Player definition D.
1699	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: No definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
1700	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: They definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Attention definition D.
1701	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Whose definition D.
1702	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Claim definition D.
1703	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Street definition D.
1704	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Help definition D.
1705	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
1706	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Per definition D.
1707	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Include definition D.
1708	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Size definition C. D: A definition D.
1709	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Few definition D.
1710	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Letter definition D.
1711	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Write definition D.
1712	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Structure definition D.
1713	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Budget definition D.
1714	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: About definition D.
1715	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Trip definition D.
1716	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Event definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Majority definition D.
1717	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Sure definition D.
1718	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Story definition D.
1719	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Then definition D.
1720	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Economic definition D.
1721	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skill definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
1722	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Trip definition D.
1723	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: You definition D.
1724	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Little definition D.
1725	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
1726	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: In definition D.
1727	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Gas definition D.
1728	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
1729	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
1730	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Our definition D.
1731	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Western definition D.
1732	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: Cup definition D.
1733	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
1734	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Me definition D.
1735	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Talk definition D.
1736	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Against definition B. C: Mention definition C. D: White definition D.
1737	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Mean definition D.
1738	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Interview definition D.
1739	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Business definition D.
1740	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Almost definition D.
1741	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Worker definition D.
1742	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Attention definition D.
1743	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Military definition D.
1744	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: During definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Determine definition D.
1745	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Window definition C. D: Sense definition D.
1746	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: Play definition D.
1747	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Southern definition D.
1748	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Information definition D.
1749	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Professional definition D.
1750	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Audience definition D.
1751	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
1752	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Parent definition D.
1753	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Score definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: It definition D.
1754	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
1755	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: When definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Change definition D.
1756	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Physical definition D.
1757	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Seat definition D.
1758	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Design definition B. C: It definition C. D: Product definition D.
1759	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Ready definition D.
1760	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Month definition D.
1761	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Actually definition D.
1762	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Floor definition D.
1763	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: View definition D.
1764	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Future definition D.
1765	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: West definition C. D: Person definition D.
1766	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thousand definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Would definition C. D: Authority definition D.
1767	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: By definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
1768	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Amount definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Say definition D.
1769	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Bit definition D.
1770	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Worry definition D.
1771	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Drop definition C. D: Sound definition D.
1772	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Court definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Their definition D.
1773	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
1774	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: President definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: Animal definition D.
1775	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Keep definition D.
1776	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Forward definition D.
1777	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Recently definition D.
1778	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Administration definition D.
1779	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: None definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: American definition C. D: Ability definition D.
1780	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Article definition B. C: End definition C. D: Author definition D.
1781	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Defense definition C. D: Manage definition D.
1782	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Growth definition D.
1783	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Off definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
1784	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Current definition D.
1785	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Include definition D.
1786	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Party definition D.
1787	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Nature definition D.
1788	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Carry definition D.
1789	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Resource definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Boy definition D.
1790	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: White definition C. D: Term definition D.
1791	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Surface definition D.
1792	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Form definition D.
1793	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Before definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Money definition C. D: Star definition D.
1794	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Item definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Message definition D.
1795	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Often definition B. C: History definition C. D: Book definition D.
1796	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Method definition D.
1797	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Evening definition D.
1798	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Mother definition D.
1799	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Start definition D.
1800	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Seven definition D.
1801	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Often definition D.
1802	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: All definition B. C: How definition C. D: Scene definition D.
1803	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Service definition D.
1804	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: City definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Gun definition D.
1805	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Trip definition C. D: Present definition D.
1806	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: West definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Near definition D.
1807	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Either definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Less definition D.
1808	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Charge definition D.
1809	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Focus definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
1810	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thought definition A. B: System definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Open definition D.
1811	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Cup definition D.
1812	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: Dream definition D.
1813	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Natural definition D.
1814	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Population definition B. C: However definition C. D: Where definition D.
1815	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: If definition D.
1816	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Practice definition D.
1817	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Tough definition D.
1818	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Type definition D.
1819	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Big definition D.
1820	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Save definition D.
1821	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: He definition D.
1822	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Central definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Visit definition D.
1823	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Development definition D.
1824	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Body definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
1825	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: This definition D.
1826	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Pm definition D.
1827	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Behavior definition C. D: Between definition D.
1828	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Run definition C. D: But definition D.
1829	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Front definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Technology definition D.
1830	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Just definition D.
1831	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: On definition D.
1832	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Two definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Edge definition D.
1833	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Project definition D.
1834	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: None definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Water definition D.
1835	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Your definition D.
1836	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Against definition D.
1837	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
1838	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Likely definition D.
1839	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Quite definition D.
1840	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Buy definition D.
1841	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Well definition D.
1842	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Space definition D.
1843	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Art definition D.
1844	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Door definition B. C: As definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
1845	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Six definition C. D: While definition D.
1846	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Though definition D.
1847	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Ask definition D.
1848	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: When definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Guy definition D.
1849	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Note definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Investment definition D.
1850	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: High definition C. D: Cut definition D.
1851	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Live definition D.
1852	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Drug definition C. D: Member definition D.
1853	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: According definition C. D: Protect definition D.
1854	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Build definition D.
1855	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
1856	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Season definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Fear definition D.
1857	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Something definition D.
1858	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Report definition D.
1859	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: She definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Address definition D.
1860	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Person definition D.
1861	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Moment definition D.
1862	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Much definition D.
1863	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Community definition D.
1864	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Go definition C. D: There definition D.
1865	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Feel definition D.
1866	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
1867	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Since definition D.
1868	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
1869	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Education definition C. D: Subject definition D.
1870	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Begin definition D.
1871	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Understand definition D.
1872	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Together definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Decade definition D.
1873	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Practice definition D.
1874	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Key definition D.
1875	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Moment definition D.
1876	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Computer definition D.
1877	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
1878	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Born definition A. B: Ball definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Eat definition D.
1879	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
1880	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Paper definition D.
1881	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Human definition D.
1882	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Force definition D.
1883	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Ready definition D.
1884	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: We definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Name definition D.
1885	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Force definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Glass definition D.
1886	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Option definition D.
1887	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Age definition D.
1888	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: For definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Available definition D.
1889	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Why definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Enough definition D.
1890	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Plan definition D.
1891	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Without definition C. D: True definition D.
1892	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Ball definition D.
1893	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: There definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Want definition D.
1894	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Approach definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Capital definition D.
1895	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Newspaper definition D.
1896	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Manage definition D.
1897	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sister definition A. B: Art definition B. C: But definition C. D: Rate definition D.
1898	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: None definition C. D: Listen definition D.
1899	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Save definition C. D: President definition D.
1900	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
1901	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Writer definition D.
1902	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Entire definition D.
1903	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Report definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Yet definition D.
1904	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: History definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
1905	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Interview definition D.
1906	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Money definition D.
1907	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
1908	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Traditional definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Away definition D.
1909	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Fall definition D.
1910	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spring definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Choice definition D.
1911	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Music definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Although definition D.
1912	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Rate definition D.
1913	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Family definition D.
1914	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: From definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
1915	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Father definition D.
1916	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: There definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: Understand definition D.
1917	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Talk definition D.
1918	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Stage definition D.
1919	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
1920	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: House definition D.
1921	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Never definition B. C: His definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
1922	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Story definition D.
1923	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: More definition D.
1924	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
1925	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Process definition D.
1926	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Together definition D.
1927	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Sister definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
1928	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Add definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Concern definition D.
1929	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: If definition C. D: Dark definition D.
1930	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: A definition C. D: Sing definition D.
1931	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Someone definition D.
1932	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Good definition D.
1933	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Her definition D.
1934	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: House definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: Financial definition D.
1935	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Piece definition D.
1936	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Student definition C. D: By definition D.
1937	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Move definition D.
1938	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Activity definition D.
1939	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Study definition D.
1940	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Simple definition D.
1941	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: Region definition B. C: American definition C. D: Actually definition D.
1942	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Four definition B. C: He definition C. D: Even definition D.
1943	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Third definition D.
1944	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Oil definition D.
1945	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Book definition D.
1946	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Partner definition D.
1947	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
1948	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Blood definition D.
1949	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: We definition D.
1950	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: School definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Eat definition D.
1951	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
1952	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Stand definition D.
1953	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: New definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Election definition D.
1954	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Total definition D.
1955	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Society definition D.
1956	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Public definition D.
1957	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Way definition C. D: None definition D.
1958	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: List definition D.
1959	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: System definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Thank definition D.
1960	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Account definition D.
1961	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Every definition D.
1962	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Mention definition D.
1963	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: Short definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Community definition D.
1964	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Why definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Culture definition D.
1965	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Term definition B. C: World definition C. D: Take definition D.
1966	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: We definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
1967	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: See definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Practice definition D.
1968	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: No definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Talk definition D.
1969	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Student definition D.
1970	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: About definition C. D: Ok definition D.
1971	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: High definition C. D: Staff definition D.
1972	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Society definition D.
1973	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Stop definition D.
1974	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Generation definition D.
1975	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: During definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Defense definition D.
1976	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Situation definition D.
1977	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
1978	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Past definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Not definition D.
1979	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Reduce definition C. D: Some definition D.
1980	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Child definition D.
1981	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Above definition D.
1982	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: President definition D.
1983	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
1984	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rich definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Happen definition D.
1985	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: War definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Debate definition D.
1986	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Today definition D.
1987	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Also definition D.
1988	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Others definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Economy definition D.
1989	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Question definition D.
1990	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: List definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Decide definition D.
1991	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Think definition D.
1992	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Modern definition D.
1993	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Live definition D.
1994	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
1995	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: More definition C. D: You definition D.
1996	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Trip definition D.
1997	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Network definition B. C: General definition C. D: Charge definition D.
1998	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: House definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Shake definition D.
1999	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Itself definition D.
2000	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: For definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Ready definition D.
2001	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Situation definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Staff definition D.
2002	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Join definition D.
2003	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Situation definition D.
2004	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Crime definition D.
2005	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rich definition A. B: Drop definition B. C: History definition C. D: Early definition D.
2006	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
2007	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Man definition D.
2008	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Show definition D.
2009	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Step definition D.
2010	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Common definition C. D: Hit definition D.
2011	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Number definition D.
2012	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Bar definition D.
2013	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Field definition C. D: We definition D.
2014	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: His definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Student definition D.
2015	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Culture definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Pm definition D.
2016	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
2017	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: State definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Range definition D.
2018	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: One definition C. D: City definition D.
2019	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Collection definition D.
2020	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Need definition D.
2021	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Whatever definition C. D: On definition D.
2022	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: No definition D.
2023	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Note definition D.
2024	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Blood definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Sure definition D.
2025	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
2026	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
2027	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Offer definition D.
2028	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: Win definition D.
2029	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Generation definition C. D: Too definition D.
2030	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: In definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Ten definition D.
2031	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: I definition C. D: Present definition D.
2032	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Source definition D.
2033	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Contain definition D.
2034	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Century definition D.
2035	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Might definition D.
2036	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Career definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Professional definition D.
2037	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: Success definition C. D: National definition D.
2038	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Teach definition D.
2039	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hair definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: I definition C. D: Service definition D.
2040	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Meet definition D.
2041	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Former definition D.
2042	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Board definition D.
2043	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
2044	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: I definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Data definition D.
2045	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Produce definition D.
2046	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Effort definition D.
2047	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Point definition C. D: The definition D.
2048	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: No definition D.
2049	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Or definition D.
2050	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Probably definition D.
2051	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Performance definition D.
2052	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Data definition D.
2053	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Station definition D.
2054	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Surface definition D.
2055	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: His definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Place definition D.
2056	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Make definition D.
2057	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: While definition C. D: Economic definition D.
2058	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
2059	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Various definition C. D: Medical definition D.
2060	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Wind definition D.
2061	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Camera definition D.
2062	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
2063	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Area definition D.
2064	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
2065	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: First definition C. D: Next definition D.
2066	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Point definition D.
2067	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
2068	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Career definition D.
2069	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: These definition B. C: Four definition C. D: New definition D.
2070	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Question definition B. C: But definition C. D: Learn definition D.
2071	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: What definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Choice definition D.
2072	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
2073	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
2074	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Trip definition D.
2075	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Believe definition D.
2076	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Security definition D.
2077	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Throw definition D.
2078	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Money definition C. D: Hot definition D.
2079	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Wide definition D.
2080	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: End definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: American definition D.
2081	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Against definition D.
2082	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
2083	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happen definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Exist definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
2084	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Claim definition D.
2085	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: General definition C. D: Best definition D.
2086	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Act definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Herself definition D.
2087	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Most definition D.
2088	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Yes definition D.
2089	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Task definition D.
2090	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Poor definition D.
2091	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
2092	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Alone definition D.
2093	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Here definition D.
2094	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
2095	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Per definition D.
2096	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Run definition D.
2097	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Modern definition D.
2098	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Decade definition D.
2099	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Born definition D.
2100	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Toward definition D.
2101	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Man definition D.
2102	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Night definition D.
2103	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Politics definition D.
2104	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Single definition C. D: West definition D.
2105	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Career definition D.
2106	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Seem definition C. D: White definition D.
2107	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Step definition D.
2108	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Computer definition D.
2109	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: General definition C. D: Success definition D.
2110	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Card definition D.
2111	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Peace definition D.
2112	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: So definition D.
2113	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: War definition D.
2114	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Make definition D.
2115	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Sister definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Firm definition D.
2116	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: There definition D.
2117	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Four definition D.
2118	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Take definition D.
2119	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Study definition D.
2120	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: A definition C. D: Most definition D.
2121	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: National definition B. C: See definition C. D: Guy definition D.
2122	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: First definition C. D: Music definition D.
2123	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: World definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
2124	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Cut definition D.
2125	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Fight definition D.
2126	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Lead definition D.
2127	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Box definition D.
2128	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: It definition C. D: Test definition D.
2129	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Force definition D.
2130	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Source definition D.
2131	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Just definition D.
2132	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
2133	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Feeling definition C. D: Also definition D.
2134	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
2135	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
2136	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Two definition D.
2137	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Part definition D.
2138	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Itself definition D.
2139	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: But definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Mother definition D.
2140	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Miss definition D.
2141	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: South definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Author definition D.
2142	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Which definition D.
2143	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Possible definition D.
2144	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Data definition D.
2145	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Go definition D.
2146	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Tree definition D.
2147	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Hit definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
2148	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Economic definition D.
2149	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Point definition D.
2150	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: East definition B. C: After definition C. D: Team definition D.
2151	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Hold definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Build definition D.
2152	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Understand definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
2153	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
2154	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Account definition D.
2155	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Fact definition D.
2156	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: To definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Million definition D.
2157	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Alone definition D.
2158	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Take definition D.
2159	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Music definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Enter definition D.
2160	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Heart definition D.
2161	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Start definition B. C: But definition C. D: Fight definition D.
2162	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Upon definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Possible definition D.
2163	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: First definition C. D: Step definition D.
2164	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
2165	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Place definition D.
2166	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Cell definition D.
2167	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Read definition D.
2168	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Human definition D.
2169	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Shake definition D.
2170	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
2171	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: None definition D.
2172	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Key definition D.
2173	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Report definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Tend definition D.
2174	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Member definition D.
2175	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Well definition D.
2176	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Conference definition D.
2177	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ground definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Those definition D.
2178	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: By definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: If definition D.
2179	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Sport definition D.
2180	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Close definition D.
2181	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: From definition D.
2182	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Hour definition D.
2183	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
2184	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Month definition D.
2185	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Fine definition D.
2186	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Lead definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Tree definition D.
2187	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Help definition C. D: News definition D.
2188	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: Property definition D.
2189	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Interview definition D.
2190	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Position definition D.
2191	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Education definition D.
2192	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: High definition C. D: New definition D.
2193	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
2194	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Including definition B. C: According definition C. D: Set definition D.
2195	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Improve definition D.
2196	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Through definition C. D: You definition D.
2197	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: After definition D.
2198	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Girl definition D.
2199	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Across definition D.
2200	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Each definition D.
2201	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Inside definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
2202	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: High definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Fact definition D.
2203	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Ready definition D.
2204	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Loss definition D.
2205	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Return definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Half definition D.
2206	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Speech definition D.
2207	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
2208	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Such definition D.
2209	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Place definition D.
2210	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Pm definition D.
2211	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Man definition D.
2212	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Range definition D.
2213	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Allow definition D.
2214	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
2215	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Trade definition D.
2216	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Require definition D.
2217	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Build definition D.
2218	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Way definition D.
2219	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: System definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: Mind definition D.
2220	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Likely definition D.
2221	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Trip definition D.
2222	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Ball definition B. C: Property definition C. D: By definition D.
2223	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Official definition D.
2224	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Door definition B. C: News definition C. D: Million definition D.
2225	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: School definition B. C: My definition C. D: Meet definition D.
2226	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: According definition B. C: Perform definition C. D: Sister definition D.
2227	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Improve definition A. B: More definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Seem definition D.
2228	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Money definition D.
2229	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Kind definition D.
2230	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: In definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Speak definition D.
2231	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: As definition D.
2232	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Write definition D.
2233	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
2234	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Form definition D.
2235	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
2236	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Drive definition D.
2237	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Will definition C. D: Dream definition D.
2238	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Since definition D.
2239	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Anyone definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Idea definition D.
2240	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Education definition D.
2241	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: White definition C. D: North definition D.
2242	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Finish definition D.
2243	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Dog definition D.
2244	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Hard definition C. D: Add definition D.
2245	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
2246	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Attack definition B. C: Cell definition C. D: Son definition D.
2247	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
2248	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
2249	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Issue definition C. D: Occur definition D.
2250	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: It definition C. D: Head definition D.
2251	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Small definition D.
2252	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Summer definition D.
2253	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Want definition B. C: South definition C. D: By definition D.
2254	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Save definition D.
2255	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Only definition B. C: First definition C. D: Movement definition D.
2256	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: My definition C. D: Sit definition D.
2257	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Between definition D.
2258	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: This definition C. D: Follow definition D.
2259	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: General definition C. D: Heart definition D.
2260	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Five definition D.
2261	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Begin definition D.
2262	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Choose definition D.
2263	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Too definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Standard definition D.
2264	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Fly definition D.
2265	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Position definition B. C: South definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
2266	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
2267	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Million definition D.
2268	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Certain definition D.
2269	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Hour definition D.
2270	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Can definition D.
2271	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Determine definition D.
2272	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Congress definition D.
2273	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: High definition B. C: Performance definition C. D: Offer definition D.
2274	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Artist definition D.
2275	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
2276	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
2277	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Street definition D.
2278	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: We definition B. C: People definition C. D: Low definition D.
2279	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: Pick definition D.
2280	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Five definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Much definition D.
2281	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Question definition C. D: Use definition D.
2282	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Public definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Specific definition D.
2283	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Person definition C. D: Picture definition D.
2284	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spring definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Option definition D.
2285	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: But definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Wall definition D.
2286	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Tough definition D.
2287	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: By definition C. D: Child definition D.
2288	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Event definition D.
2289	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
2290	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Strong definition D.
2291	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: North definition C. D: Great definition D.
2292	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Answer definition D.
2293	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Part definition D.
2294	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Fund definition D.
2295	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Professor definition D.
2296	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Course definition D.
2297	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: On definition B. C: Yet definition C. D: Attention definition D.
2298	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Century definition D.
2299	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: May definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
2300	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Small definition D.
2301	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Ten definition D.
2302	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
2303	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Analysis definition D.
2304	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Account definition D.
2305	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Five definition D.
2306	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Buy definition D.
2307	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Much definition D.
2308	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Civil definition D.
2309	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Right definition D.
2310	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: During definition C. D: Father definition D.
2311	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Include definition D.
2312	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Season definition C. D: So definition D.
2313	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Speech definition D.
2314	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Design definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Probably definition D.
2315	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Surface definition D.
2316	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Street definition C. D: While definition D.
2317	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Theory definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Assume definition D.
2318	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Drop definition D.
2319	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Place definition B. C: After definition C. D: Success definition D.
2320	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Music definition D.
2321	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Media definition D.
2322	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Arrive definition C. D: Month definition D.
2323	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Health definition D.
2324	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Music definition D.
2325	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
2326	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: No definition C. D: Former definition D.
2327	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: These definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Mother definition D.
2328	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Box definition C. D: Professional definition D.
2329	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Mention definition C. D: Television definition D.
2330	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Director definition C. D: Offer definition D.
2331	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Both definition B. C: General definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
2332	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Before definition D.
2333	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Together definition D.
2334	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Visit definition D.
2335	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Say definition D.
2336	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Raise definition C. D: Miss definition D.
2337	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Everybody definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Difference definition D.
2338	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Generation definition D.
2339	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Thousand definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Possible definition D.
2340	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: See definition C. D: Police definition D.
2341	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: Act definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
2342	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Whether definition D.
2343	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Prove definition D.
2344	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Oil definition D.
2345	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Store definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Girl definition D.
2346	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Rest definition D.
2347	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Any definition D.
2348	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Republican definition D.
2349	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Will definition D.
2350	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Although definition D.
2351	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Data definition D.
2352	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Store definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
2353	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Area definition D.
2354	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Major definition D.
2355	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Enough definition D.
2356	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Me definition D.
2357	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Strong definition D.
2358	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: How definition C. D: If definition D.
2359	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: This definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
2360	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Election definition D.
2361	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Know definition D.
2362	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Lay definition D.
2363	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: First definition C. D: Look definition D.
2364	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: The definition D.
2365	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Town definition D.
2366	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Rich definition D.
2367	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Water definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Son definition D.
2368	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Relate definition D.
2369	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Behind definition D.
2370	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Up definition D.
2371	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Buy definition B. C: Yet definition C. D: Front definition D.
2372	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Money definition D.
2373	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Ground definition D.
2374	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Leg definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Though definition D.
2375	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Friend definition C. D: Natural definition D.
2376	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Together definition D.
2377	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Through definition D.
2378	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Book definition D.
2379	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
2380	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Already definition D.
2381	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
2382	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Between definition D.
2383	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Mind definition D.
2384	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Ground definition D.
2385	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Cell definition C. D: Bad definition D.
2386	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Medical definition D.
2387	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: News definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Position definition D.
2388	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Society definition C. D: Week definition D.
2389	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Operation definition D.
2390	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Today definition D.
2391	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: At definition C. D: Easy definition D.
2392	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Occur definition D.
2393	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Example definition D.
2394	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Statement definition D.
2395	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Left definition D.
2396	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Music definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Impact definition D.
2397	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Find definition D.
2398	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Skill definition D.
2399	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Different definition D.
2400	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Scene definition D.
2401	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Bring definition D.
2402	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Size definition D.
2403	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: College definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: View definition D.
2404	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
2405	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Talk definition D.
2406	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Down definition D.
2407	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Place definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Author definition D.
2408	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Who definition D.
2409	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: West definition C. D: There definition D.
2410	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Family definition D.
2411	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
2412	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Friend definition D.
2413	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Seek definition D.
2414	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Receive definition D.
2415	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Again definition C. D: East definition D.
2416	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: By definition C. D: Carry definition D.
2417	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Player definition D.
2418	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Able definition D.
2419	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Will definition C. D: Former definition D.
2420	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Several definition D.
2421	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Guy definition C. D: Hour definition D.
2422	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Wife definition D.
2423	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Inside definition D.
2424	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Draw definition C. D: Ability definition D.
2425	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Main definition D.
2426	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throw definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Key definition D.
2427	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Table definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Rise definition D.
2428	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Capital definition D.
2429	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Read definition D.
2430	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: This definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Fish definition D.
2431	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Only definition C. D: Station definition D.
2432	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Game definition D.
2433	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Floor definition D.
2434	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: For definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Seat definition D.
2435	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: And definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
2436	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Probably definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Green definition D.
2437	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Weight definition D.
2438	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Help definition D.
2439	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: And definition B. C: Window definition C. D: Kind definition D.
2440	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Actually definition D.
2441	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Still definition D.
2442	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Court definition D.
2443	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: Inside definition D.
2444	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: International definition D.
2445	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Include definition D.
2446	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
2447	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Use definition C. D: Four definition D.
2448	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Defense definition C. D: Will definition D.
2449	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: West definition C. D: Personal definition D.
2450	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Case definition D.
2451	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Look definition D.
2452	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Break definition D.
2453	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: He definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Speak definition D.
2454	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Read definition C. D: But definition D.
2455	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Down definition D.
2456	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
2457	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Year definition C. D: What definition D.
2458	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Call definition C. D: Edge definition D.
2459	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Although definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Dog definition D.
2460	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Stage definition D.
2461	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Herself definition D.
2462	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Former definition D.
2463	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Might definition D.
2464	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Debate definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Never definition D.
2465	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Interest definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Little definition D.
2466	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Image definition D.
2467	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: It definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
2468	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Third definition D.
2469	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Single definition B. C: East definition C. D: Foot definition D.
2470	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
2471	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Issue definition C. D: Bed definition D.
2472	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Week definition C. D: Service definition D.
2473	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Become definition D.
2474	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Kid definition D.
2475	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Five definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Leader definition D.
2476	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Wide definition D.
2477	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Financial definition D.
2478	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Seek definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: Instead definition D.
2479	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
2480	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
2481	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Book definition D.
2482	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: Message definition C. D: It definition D.
2483	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: One definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: Position definition D.
2484	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Always definition D.
2485	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Strong definition D.
2486	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Response definition D.
2487	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Serious definition D.
2488	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Catch definition D.
2489	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Carry definition D.
2490	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Quite definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Business definition D.
2491	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Crime definition D.
2492	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Open definition D.
2493	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Late definition D.
2494	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Church definition D.
2495	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Reflect definition D.
2496	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Natural definition D.
2497	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
2498	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Worker definition D.
2499	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Forget definition D.
2500	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Month definition D.
2501	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Teach definition D.
2502	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Action definition C. D: Least definition D.
2503	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: I definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Industry definition D.
2504	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: American definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Tend definition D.
2505	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Century definition D.
2506	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Sort definition D.
2507	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Main definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Party definition D.
2508	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: These definition D.
2509	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Use definition D.
2510	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Agree definition D.
2511	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: About definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Drive definition D.
2512	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Bag definition D.
2513	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Take definition D.
2514	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wind definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Political definition D.
2515	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Training definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
2516	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Yes definition D.
2517	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Have definition D.
2518	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Structure definition D.
2519	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
2520	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Century definition D.
2521	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: All definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Fill definition D.
2522	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Interesting definition C. D: Product definition D.
2523	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Food definition D.
2524	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Trade definition D.
2525	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Sense definition B. C: These definition C. D: Find definition D.
2526	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Who definition C. D: In definition D.
2527	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Member definition D.
2528	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: While definition B. C: First definition C. D: Economy definition D.
2529	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
2530	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Show definition D.
2531	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Best definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Although definition D.
2532	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Author definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: Sit definition D.
2533	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Best definition C. D: Radio definition D.
2534	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: All definition D.
2535	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: These definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Cup definition D.
2536	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
2537	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Sure definition D.
2538	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Stage definition D.
2539	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: East definition C. D: Newspaper definition D.
2540	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Agent definition D.
2541	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: None definition D.
2542	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Stay definition B. C: List definition C. D: Have definition D.
2543	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Do definition D.
2544	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: After definition C. D: Window definition D.
2545	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Back definition D.
2546	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Economic definition D.
2547	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: One definition C. D: Feel definition D.
2548	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Hundred definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Remain definition D.
2549	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Choose definition D.
2550	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Husband definition D.
2551	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Challenge definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
2552	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Open definition D.
2553	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Treat definition D.
2554	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Court definition D.
2555	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Total definition D.
2556	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Painting definition D.
2557	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Together definition D.
2558	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Daughter definition B. C: Try definition C. D: Your definition D.
2559	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Painting definition D.
2560	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: Director definition D.
2561	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Serious definition D.
2562	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Or definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Better definition D.
2563	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Door definition D.
2564	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
2565	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
2566	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Billion definition B. C: Continue definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
2567	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Yard definition D.
2568	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Start definition D.
2569	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Director definition B. C: House definition C. D: Chance definition D.
2570	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Likely definition D.
2571	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Condition definition D.
2572	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Seat definition D.
2573	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Glass definition D.
2574	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Close definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Figure definition D.
2575	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Seven definition D.
2576	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: May definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Tell definition D.
2577	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Child definition D.
2578	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Since definition D.
2579	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Land definition D.
2580	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Significant definition C. D: Their definition D.
2581	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Into definition B. C: This definition C. D: Arm definition D.
2582	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: On definition B. C: Agree definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
2583	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Action definition D.
2584	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Different definition D.
2585	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Office definition B. C: How definition C. D: Force definition D.
2586	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Feel definition D.
2587	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Close definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Treatment definition D.
2588	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Cold definition D.
2589	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Happen definition D.
2590	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Wish definition D.
2591	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Involve definition D.
2592	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soon definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Score definition C. D: Six definition D.
2593	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
2594	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Nice definition D.
2595	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Fear definition D.
2596	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: About definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Me definition D.
2597	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: City definition D.
2598	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Race definition D.
2599	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: There definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Major definition D.
2600	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
2601	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Tv definition D.
2602	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Tree definition D.
2603	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Floor definition D.
2604	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Series definition D.
2605	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Water definition D.
2606	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Over definition D.
2607	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: War definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Seek definition D.
2608	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Few definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: However definition D.
2609	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: End definition C. D: Fund definition D.
2610	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Chair definition D.
2611	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Order definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
2612	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
2613	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Understand definition C. D: Whose definition D.
2614	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Back definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Center definition D.
2615	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Well definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: None definition C. D: Measure definition D.
2616	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Item definition D.
2617	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Without definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Employee definition D.
2618	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: And definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Various definition D.
2619	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Style definition D.
2620	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: On definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Three definition D.
2621	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
2622	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: While definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: What definition D.
2623	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Lead definition D.
2624	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Charge definition D.
2625	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Central definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Recent definition D.
2626	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Win definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Yard definition D.
2627	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Art definition D.
2628	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Mean definition D.
2629	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Bad definition D.
2630	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Figure definition C. D: Summer definition D.
2631	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Bit definition D.
2632	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effort definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Rate definition D.
2633	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Keep definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Director definition D.
2634	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
2635	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Information definition D.
2636	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Size definition D.
2637	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Base definition D.
2638	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Coach definition D.
2639	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Yard definition D.
2640	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Always definition D.
2641	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
2642	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Possible definition D.
2643	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Science definition C. D: With definition D.
2644	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Or definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Building definition D.
2645	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Other definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: There definition C. D: Old definition D.
2646	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: However definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Office definition D.
2647	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: For definition C. D: Middle definition D.
2648	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Truth definition D.
2649	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Sister definition D.
2650	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Across definition D.
2651	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
2652	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Man definition D.
2653	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Hot definition D.
2654	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Fine definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
2655	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: About definition D.
2656	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Behind definition C. D: Number definition D.
2657	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: More definition D.
2658	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Party definition C. D: How definition D.
2659	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Follow definition D.
2660	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Care definition D.
2661	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Choice definition D.
2662	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Worry definition D.
2663	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Everybody definition D.
2664	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Either definition D.
2665	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Cup definition D.
2666	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Most definition D.
2667	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Course definition D.
2668	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Exactly definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Safe definition D.
2669	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Carry definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Prove definition D.
2670	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Rest definition D.
2671	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: By definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Paper definition D.
2672	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Feel definition D.
2673	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: National definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Few definition D.
2674	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Society definition D.
2675	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Trouble definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: Around definition D.
2676	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Would definition D.
2677	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Behind definition D.
2678	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Black definition D.
2679	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Cold definition D.
2680	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Name definition D.
2681	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sister definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Morning definition D.
2682	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Defense definition D.
2683	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Test definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: First definition D.
2684	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Garden definition D.
2685	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: They definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Feel definition D.
2686	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Relate definition C. D: Street definition D.
2687	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Even definition D.
2688	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: It definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Run definition D.
2689	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: Do definition B. C: He definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
2690	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Wall definition D.
2691	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Training definition D.
2692	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Far definition D.
2693	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Case definition D.
2694	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Technology definition D.
2695	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Garden definition D.
2696	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Box definition C. D: Collection definition D.
2697	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: This definition D.
2698	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: International definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
2699	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Wife definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Eight definition D.
2700	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Detail definition D.
2701	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: System definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
2702	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Response definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Election definition D.
2703	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Material definition D.
2704	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Face definition D.
2705	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Sell definition D.
2706	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Important definition D.
2707	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: None definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Practice definition D.
2708	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Event definition D.
2709	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Play definition D.
2710	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Specific definition D.
2711	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: City definition B. C: None definition C. D: Because definition D.
2712	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Health definition D.
2713	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Some definition D.
2714	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Reality definition D.
2715	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Such definition C. D: East definition D.
2716	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
2717	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Force definition D.
2718	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Thus definition D.
2719	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: It definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Usually definition D.
2720	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: Other definition D.
2721	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
2722	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Drop definition D.
2723	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Look definition D.
2724	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: Short definition D.
2725	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
2726	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: My definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Base definition D.
2727	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Majority definition D.
2728	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: What definition C. D: Plant definition D.
2729	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Prove definition D.
2730	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Kid definition D.
2731	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Whole definition D.
2732	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Court definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Day definition D.
2733	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Southern definition D.
2734	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: His definition B. C: Education definition C. D: Crime definition D.
2735	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Church definition D.
2736	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Main definition D.
2737	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Describe definition D.
2738	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
2739	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Past definition D.
2740	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Term definition D.
2741	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
2742	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
2743	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: It definition C. D: Rest definition D.
2744	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Tax definition D.
2745	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Should definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Ability definition D.
2746	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Inside definition D.
2747	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: City definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Eat definition D.
2748	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Season definition D.
2749	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: How definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: A definition D.
2750	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Through definition D.
2751	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Into definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: More definition C. D: Continue definition D.
2752	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Age definition D.
2753	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Night definition D.
2754	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Term definition D.
2755	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: These definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: About definition D.
2756	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: When definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Newspaper definition D.
2757	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Often definition D.
2758	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: I definition D.
2759	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Focus definition D.
2760	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Phone definition D.
2761	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: Good definition B. C: In definition C. D: Partner definition D.
2762	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Father definition B. C: American definition C. D: Ok definition D.
2763	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Anyone definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Official definition D.
2764	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
2765	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Hold definition D.
2766	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Skill definition D.
2767	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Hand definition D.
2768	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Line definition D.
2769	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Popular definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Ten definition D.
2770	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: World definition D.
2771	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
2772	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Behavior definition C. D: Agency definition D.
2773	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Film definition D.
2774	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Father definition D.
2775	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Build definition D.
2776	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Create definition D.
2777	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: According definition C. D: Economy definition D.
2778	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
2779	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Bring definition D.
2780	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: No definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Specific definition D.
2781	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
2782	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Away definition D.
2783	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: None definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: Range definition D.
2784	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Discover definition D.
2785	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: His definition C. D: Debate definition D.
2786	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Without definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Trade definition D.
2787	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Fill definition D.
2788	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Treat definition D.
2789	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Very definition C. D: Myself definition D.
2790	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
2791	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: They definition D.
2792	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: All definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Pick definition D.
2793	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Little definition D.
2794	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Resource definition D.
2795	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Senior definition D.
2796	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Task definition C. D: How definition D.
2797	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Water definition D.
2798	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Modern definition D.
2799	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: His definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
2800	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: None definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Region definition D.
2801	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: Character definition B. C: End definition C. D: Believe definition D.
2802	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Pm definition D.
2803	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Account definition D.
2804	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: Time definition B. C: View definition C. D: Bed definition D.
2805	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Local definition D.
2806	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Less definition D.
2807	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
2808	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Add definition B. C: One definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
2809	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Set definition D.
2810	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Investment definition D.
2811	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: We definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Place definition D.
2812	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: End definition D.
2813	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
2814	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Red definition D.
2815	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Budget definition D.
2816	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Interest definition D.
2817	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Message definition D.
2818	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Popular definition B. C: Only definition C. D: Visit definition D.
2819	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: By definition D.
2820	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: We definition C. D: Among definition D.
2821	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Public definition D.
2822	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Child definition D.
2823	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Page definition D.
2824	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Book definition D.
2825	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Fill definition D.
2826	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Itself definition D.
2827	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Author definition D.
2828	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Expert definition D.
2829	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Cell definition C. D: Ask definition D.
2830	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Smile definition D.
2831	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Physical definition D.
2832	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Effect definition D.
2833	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Few definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Oil definition D.
2834	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Scene definition D.
2835	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Few definition D.
2836	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Water definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Argue definition D.
2837	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: These definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
2838	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Technology definition D.
2839	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Between definition C. D: South definition D.
2840	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Hit definition D.
2841	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Country definition D.
2842	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Job definition D.
2843	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Month definition B. C: See definition C. D: Owner definition D.
2844	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Present definition D.
2845	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: See definition D.
2846	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Bit definition D.
2847	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Various definition D.
2848	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Activity definition D.
2849	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Summer definition D.
2850	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Animal definition A. B: View definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Report definition D.
2851	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Ever definition D.
2852	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: Career definition D.
2853	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Pick definition D.
2854	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
2855	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Ok definition D.
2856	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Keep definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Authority definition D.
2857	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Piece definition D.
2858	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Generation definition D.
2859	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Establish definition D.
2860	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: But definition D.
2861	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Skin definition D.
2862	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Quality definition D.
2863	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Drive definition D.
2864	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Watch definition D.
2865	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Teach definition D.
2866	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Product definition D.
2867	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Accept definition D.
2868	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Program definition C. D: None definition D.
2869	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Sense definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Street definition D.
2870	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Protect definition D.
2871	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Enter definition D.
2872	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Audience definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Building definition D.
2873	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rock definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Eight definition D.
2874	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Big definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
2875	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Return definition D.
2876	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Fast definition C. D: Big definition D.
2877	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Technology definition D.
2878	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Officer definition D.
2879	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Support definition C. D: After definition D.
2880	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Few definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: My definition D.
2881	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happen definition A. B: President definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Price definition D.
2882	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Safe definition D.
2883	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Place definition B. C: Court definition C. D: Should definition D.
2884	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Human definition D.
2885	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Other definition B. C: College definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
2886	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Usually definition D.
2887	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Public definition D.
2888	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Less definition D.
2889	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Hold definition D.
2890	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
2891	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Trade definition D.
2892	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Space definition D.
2893	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Such definition D.
2894	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Note definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Suffer definition C. D: True definition D.
2895	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: State definition B. C: Reach definition C. D: Industry definition D.
2896	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Near definition D.
2897	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Event definition D.
2898	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Moment definition D.
2899	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Admit definition D.
2900	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Final definition D.
2901	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
2902	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
2903	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Major definition D.
2904	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: Role definition D.
2905	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Management definition C. D: State definition D.
2906	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Trip definition D.
2907	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: World definition C. D: High definition D.
2908	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Top definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Next definition D.
2909	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Break definition D.
2910	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Year definition D.
2911	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ground definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Red definition D.
2912	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Whose definition D.
2913	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Dog definition D.
2914	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: System definition B. C: Check definition C. D: New definition D.
2915	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Mind definition D.
2916	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Staff definition D.
2917	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
2918	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Item definition B. C: While definition C. D: Management definition D.
2919	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Again definition D.
2920	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Main definition D.
2921	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Money definition C. D: Push definition D.
2922	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Realize definition D.
2923	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Ready definition D.
2924	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Student definition D.
2925	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Result definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Card definition D.
2926	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
2927	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Win definition D.
2928	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Task definition D.
2929	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: President definition C. D: Recent definition D.
2930	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Loss definition D.
2931	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Ball definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Current definition D.
2932	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: If definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
2933	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: None definition C. D: Draw definition D.
2934	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: War definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Area definition D.
2935	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Buy definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Long definition D.
2936	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Allow definition D.
2937	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
2938	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Action definition D.
2939	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Make definition D.
2940	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Impact definition D.
2941	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: Raise definition C. D: Season definition D.
2942	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: President definition B. C: Off definition C. D: In definition D.
2943	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Story definition D.
2944	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Company definition D.
2945	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Also definition D.
2946	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
2947	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Very definition C. D: About definition D.
2948	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Treat definition D.
2949	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Open definition D.
2950	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: You definition D.
2951	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: For definition C. D: Season definition D.
2952	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Along definition D.
2953	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Fight definition D.
2954	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Term definition D.
2955	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Relationship definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Best definition D.
2956	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Try definition D.
2957	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Yard definition D.
2958	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Budget definition D.
2959	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
2960	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Get definition D.
2961	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Stuff definition C. D: Second definition D.
2962	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: During definition D.
2963	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Relate definition C. D: Never definition D.
2964	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: They definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Others definition D.
2965	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: School definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Physical definition D.
2966	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
2967	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Author definition D.
2968	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Point definition D.
2969	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hair definition A. B: Information definition B. C: People definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
2970	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hard definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Sport definition D.
2971	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: Dream definition D.
2972	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: World definition D.
2973	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Him definition D.
2974	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: After definition D.
2975	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Drop definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
2976	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: There definition B. C: Job definition C. D: While definition D.
2977	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Talk definition D.
2978	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: General definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Resource definition D.
2979	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Decide definition D.
2980	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Visit definition D.
2981	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
2982	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Risk definition D.
2983	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Learn definition D.
2984	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Many definition D.
2985	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: A definition C. D: Quite definition D.
2986	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Technology definition D.
2987	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Such definition D.
2988	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Member definition C. D: It definition D.
2989	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Positive definition D.
2990	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Federal definition D.
2991	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
2992	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Still definition D.
2993	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Defense definition C. D: How definition D.
2994	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Out definition D.
2995	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Audience definition D.
2996	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Three definition D.
2997	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Their definition D.
2998	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Financial definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Author definition D.
2999	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Far definition C. D: House definition D.
3000	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Study definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: No definition D.
3001	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Sell definition D.
3002	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Others definition D.
3003	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Recently definition D.
3004	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Exist definition C. D: Coach definition D.
3005	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Score definition C. D: Present definition D.
3006	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Available definition D.
3007	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Authority definition D.
3008	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Save definition D.
3009	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Ask definition D.
3010	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hope definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Store definition D.
3011	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Reach definition C. D: Accept definition D.
3012	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Student definition D.
3013	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
3014	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Several definition D.
3015	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Watch definition D.
3016	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Create definition B. C: No definition C. D: Institution definition D.
3017	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
3018	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Sell definition D.
3019	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Deal definition D.
3020	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Without definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Reach definition D.
3021	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: I definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Result definition D.
3022	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Behind definition C. D: Down definition D.
3023	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Line definition D.
3024	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Attack definition D.
3025	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Stay definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Executive definition D.
3026	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Near definition D.
3027	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Discover definition D.
3028	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Institution definition A. B: Water definition B. C: His definition C. D: Huge definition D.
3029	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Into definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Support definition C. D: All definition D.
3030	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Throw definition D.
3031	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Fly definition D.
3032	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Team definition D.
3033	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Development definition D.
3034	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: None definition C. D: Too definition D.
3035	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Artist definition D.
3036	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Address definition B. C: High definition C. D: Type definition D.
3037	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Loss definition D.
3038	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Care definition D.
3039	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Method definition B. C: Have definition C. D: The definition D.
3040	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Season definition C. D: Break definition D.
3041	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Remember definition D.
3042	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Into definition D.
3043	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Possible definition D.
3044	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Development definition D.
3045	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Same definition D.
3046	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: Painting definition D.
3047	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Bring definition D.
3048	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Method definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
3049	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Great definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Customer definition D.
3050	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Think definition B. C: From definition C. D: Body definition D.
3051	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Card definition D.
3052	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Score definition D.
3053	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Sound definition D.
3054	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Reason definition D.
3055	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Toward definition D.
3056	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Election definition D.
3057	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Include definition D.
3058	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Game definition D.
3059	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Ever definition C. D: Member definition D.
3060	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: White definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Effect definition D.
3061	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Body definition A. B: After definition B. C: After definition C. D: Often definition D.
3062	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Reach definition C. D: Discover definition D.
3063	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
3064	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: North definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Site definition D.
3065	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Occur definition D.
3066	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Hard definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
3067	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
3068	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: High definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Feel definition D.
3069	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Only definition C. D: Safe definition D.
3070	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Sea definition D.
3071	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Care definition D.
3072	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Race definition D.
3073	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Role definition C. D: To definition D.
3074	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Fine definition D.
3075	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
3076	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Bag definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
3077	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Help definition C. D: By definition D.
3078	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: For definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Join definition D.
3079	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Realize definition D.
3080	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Food definition C. D: More definition D.
3081	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Whatever definition C. D: Way definition D.
3082	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Medical definition D.
3083	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Note definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: North definition C. D: Develop definition D.
3084	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
3085	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Resource definition D.
3086	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Go definition D.
3087	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Computer definition D.
3088	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Specific definition D.
3089	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Art definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Week definition D.
3090	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
3091	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Major definition D.
3092	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Near definition D.
3093	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Bag definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
3094	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Term definition D.
3095	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Best definition B. C: Card definition C. D: Order definition D.
3096	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Building definition D.
3097	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Type definition B. C: My definition C. D: We definition D.
3098	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: If definition C. D: Rich definition D.
3099	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Degree definition D.
3100	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Operation definition D.
3101	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Red definition D.
3102	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Win definition D.
3103	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Friend definition D.
3104	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Half definition D.
3105	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Again definition D.
3106	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Her definition D.
3107	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Economy definition D.
3108	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Party definition D.
3109	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attention definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Message definition D.
3110	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Force definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: May definition D.
3111	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Operation definition D.
3112	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Who definition D.
3113	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Work definition D.
3114	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Republican definition D.
3115	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Sort definition D.
3116	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Perform definition D.
3117	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Audience definition D.
3118	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Again definition D.
3119	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Six definition D.
3120	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Land definition C. D: Hour definition D.
3121	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Enough definition D.
3122	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Common definition D.
3123	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Staff definition D.
3124	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Top definition D.
3125	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: News definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Stage definition D.
3126	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Situation definition D.
3127	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Training definition B. C: North definition C. D: Month definition D.
3128	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: Score definition D.
3129	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Still definition D.
3130	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Something definition C. D: Lot definition D.
3131	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Late definition D.
3132	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Order definition C. D: Hot definition D.
3133	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Eye definition D.
3134	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Door definition D.
3135	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Me definition D.
3136	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Source definition D.
3137	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Example definition B. C: End definition C. D: Door definition D.
3138	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: And definition C. D: Player definition D.
3139	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Five definition D.
3140	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Especially definition C. D: Build definition D.
3141	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Debate definition D.
3142	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Very definition D.
3143	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Be definition D.
3144	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Ability definition D.
3145	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Travel definition D.
3146	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Sell definition D.
3147	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Huge definition D.
3148	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: State definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Condition definition D.
3149	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: The definition C. D: Several definition D.
3150	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Read definition D.
3151	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Me definition D.
3152	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Project definition D.
3153	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Politics definition D.
3154	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
3155	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Than definition B. C: A definition C. D: Skill definition D.
3156	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Five definition C. D: There definition D.
3157	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Morning definition D.
3158	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: East definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Couple definition D.
3159	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Whole definition D.
3160	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Image definition D.
3161	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Or definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Half definition D.
3162	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: Together definition D.
3163	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: A definition B. C: Use definition C. D: Executive definition D.
3164	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Provide definition D.
3165	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Simply definition D.
3166	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Recent definition D.
3167	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: White definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Establish definition D.
3168	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Writer definition D.
3169	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Respond definition D.
3170	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Single definition D.
3171	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Place definition D.
3172	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Than definition D.
3173	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Past definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Deal definition D.
3174	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Than definition D.
3175	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: To definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Raise definition D.
3176	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Thousand definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Fire definition D.
3177	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: House definition D.
3178	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Modern definition A. B: Debate definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Experience definition D.
3179	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Thousand definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Reach definition D.
3180	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
3181	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Because definition D.
3182	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Hit definition D.
3183	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chair definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Feel definition D.
3184	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Plant definition D.
3185	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: End definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Total definition D.
3186	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Trial definition D.
3187	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Specific definition D.
3188	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Bag definition D.
3189	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Wear definition D.
3190	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: History definition D.
3191	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Lose definition D.
3192	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attention definition A. B: He definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Among definition D.
3193	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Already definition D.
3194	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: General definition D.
3195	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Soon definition D.
3196	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Offer definition D.
3197	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Senior definition D.
3198	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Speech definition D.
3199	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
3200	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Should definition C. D: New definition D.
3201	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
3202	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Study definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Money definition D.
3203	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: Above definition D.
3204	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Blue definition D.
3205	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Able definition D.
3206	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Blue definition D.
3207	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: One definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Concern definition D.
3208	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Small definition D.
3209	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Matter definition D.
3210	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: Relate definition C. D: Drug definition D.
3211	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Make definition D.
3212	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Amount definition B. C: Concern definition C. D: Surface definition D.
3213	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Research definition D.
3214	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Environment definition D.
3215	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
3216	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
3217	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Something definition D.
3218	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Data definition B. C: That definition C. D: Season definition D.
3219	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Party definition D.
3220	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Likely definition D.
3221	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Hand definition D.
3222	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Sit definition D.
3223	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Appear definition D.
3224	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Change definition D.
3225	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Save definition D.
3226	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Floor definition C. D: Turn definition D.
3227	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: White definition C. D: Service definition D.
3228	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Left definition D.
3229	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
3230	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Place definition B. C: No definition C. D: Instead definition D.
3231	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Will definition D.
3232	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Lead definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Early definition D.
3233	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Why definition D.
3234	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Impact definition D.
3235	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Interview definition D.
3236	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Medical definition D.
3237	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Political definition D.
3238	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: They definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Write definition D.
3239	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: After definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
3240	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Serious definition D.
3241	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: Window definition D.
3242	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Tv definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Create definition D.
3243	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Medical definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Agency definition D.
3244	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Various definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Movement definition D.
3245	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: List definition B. C: History definition C. D: Would definition D.
3246	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: Look definition D.
3247	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Son definition D.
3248	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
3249	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Effort definition D.
3250	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Recent definition D.
3251	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Vote definition D.
3252	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Spring definition D.
3253	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Hit definition D.
3254	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Young definition B. C: East definition C. D: Mind definition D.
3255	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Likely definition C. D: Miss definition D.
3256	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Health definition D.
3257	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Hand definition D.
3258	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Policy definition D.
3259	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
3260	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Low definition D.
3261	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: So definition C. D: Write definition D.
3262	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: A definition D.
3263	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Drug definition C. D: Sea definition D.
3264	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Sure definition D.
3265	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: And definition C. D: Current definition D.
3266	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: While definition C. D: Century definition D.
3267	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Computer definition C. D: Behind definition D.
3268	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: House definition B. C: House definition C. D: On definition D.
3269	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Yes definition D.
3270	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Instead definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Fine definition D.
3271	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Record definition D.
3272	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sister definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Contain definition D.
3273	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
3274	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Third definition D.
3275	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Down definition D.
3276	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Out definition B. C: International definition C. D: Garden definition D.
3277	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Difference definition D.
3278	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Economic definition D.
3279	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Since definition B. C: For definition C. D: Score definition D.
3280	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Though definition D.
3281	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Lose definition D.
3282	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
3283	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Office definition D.
3284	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: Treat definition D.
3285	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: High definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Production definition D.
3286	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: Voice definition D.
3287	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skill definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Goal definition D.
3288	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Finish definition D.
3289	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Management definition D.
3290	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Throw definition D.
3291	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: End definition D.
3292	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: Will definition C. D: Month definition D.
3293	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Whatever definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Can definition D.
3294	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Measure definition D.
3295	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Eight definition D.
3296	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
3297	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Here definition D.
3298	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Teach definition D.
3299	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Man definition D.
3300	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Practice definition D.
3301	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Work definition D.
3302	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: List definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
3303	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Out definition D.
3304	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Head definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Together definition D.
3305	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Ground definition C. D: Bank definition D.
3306	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Television definition D.
3307	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Rock definition C. D: Though definition D.
3308	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Address definition D.
3309	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Social definition D.
3310	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Bed definition D.
3311	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Station definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Course definition D.
3312	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Resource definition D.
3313	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: The definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Its definition D.
3314	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Cell definition C. D: Lay definition D.
3315	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: How definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
3316	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Sit definition D.
3317	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Across definition D.
3318	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Officer definition D.
3319	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Arm definition D.
3320	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Live definition D.
3321	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Him definition D.
3322	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hope definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
3323	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Care definition D.
3324	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
3325	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Relate definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
3326	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Race definition C. D: How definition D.
3327	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Move definition D.
3328	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Box definition D.
3329	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Fill definition D.
3330	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Whose definition D.
3331	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: They definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
3332	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: White definition D.
3333	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Property definition D.
3334	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Him definition D.
3335	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Class definition D.
3336	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Ever definition C. D: Answer definition D.
3337	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Instead definition D.
3338	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Field definition D.
3339	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Memory definition D.
3340	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
3341	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Lay definition D.
3342	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Onto definition D.
3343	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Down definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
3344	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Miss definition D.
3345	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Environmental definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Economy definition D.
3346	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Skill definition D.
3347	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Future definition D.
3348	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Approach definition D.
3349	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Drive definition D.
3350	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Figure definition D.
3351	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Yet definition D.
3352	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Center definition D.
3353	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: News definition D.
3354	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Voice definition D.
3355	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Significant definition D.
3356	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Much definition D.
3357	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Girl definition D.
3358	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Spring definition D.
3359	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Able definition D.
3360	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Career definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Appear definition D.
3361	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Drop definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
3362	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Seem definition C. D: Arm definition D.
3363	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Population definition D.
3364	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Response definition D.
3365	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Check definition D.
3366	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Friend definition D.
3367	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Low definition D.
3368	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Away definition D.
3369	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
3370	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Image definition D.
3371	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
3372	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Social definition D.
3373	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Your definition D.
3374	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: The definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Affect definition D.
3375	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Himself definition D.
3376	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Institution definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Cost definition D.
3377	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Skill definition D.
3378	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Those definition C. D: New definition D.
3379	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Course definition D.
3380	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Various definition D.
3381	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Beat definition D.
3382	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: When definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Me definition D.
3383	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Tend definition D.
3384	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Later definition C. D: Sense definition D.
3385	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: How definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Thing definition D.
3386	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Then definition D.
3387	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Each definition C. D: However definition D.
3388	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Play definition D.
3389	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Voice definition D.
3390	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Majority definition D.
3391	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: How definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Scene definition D.
3392	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: Common definition C. D: Beyond definition D.
3393	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: But definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Without definition D.
3394	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Think definition D.
3395	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Phone definition D.
3396	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Accept definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Any definition D.
3397	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Possible definition D.
3398	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Add definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Charge definition D.
3399	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: What definition D.
3400	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: For definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Trip definition D.
3401	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
3402	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Herself definition D.
3403	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Matter definition D.
3404	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: After definition C. D: Significant definition D.
3405	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Create definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Herself definition D.
3406	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
3407	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Century definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Actually definition D.
3408	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
3409	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: For definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Watch definition D.
3410	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Before definition D.
3411	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Figure definition D.
3412	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Type definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Difference definition D.
3413	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Improve definition C. D: New definition D.
3414	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Feel definition D.
3415	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Successful definition D.
3416	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: Television definition D.
3417	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
3418	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Song definition D.
3419	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Street definition C. D: New definition D.
3420	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Above definition B. C: From definition C. D: Threat definition D.
3421	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: View definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Save definition D.
3422	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Fall definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Free definition D.
3423	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Series definition D.
3424	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
3425	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Education definition C. D: Smile definition D.
3426	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Show definition D.
3427	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Hit definition C. D: Win definition D.
3428	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reveal definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Future definition D.
3429	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Start definition D.
3430	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
3431	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Concern definition C. D: Century definition D.
3432	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
3433	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Mention definition D.
3434	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Theory definition C. D: Then definition D.
3435	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Project definition D.
3436	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Too definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Society definition D.
3437	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Place definition D.
3438	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Establish definition D.
3439	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Better definition B. C: System definition C. D: Decide definition D.
3440	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Break definition D.
3441	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Then definition D.
3442	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: American definition C. D: Must definition D.
3443	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Enter definition D.
3444	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Goal definition D.
3445	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Tough definition D.
3446	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: They definition C. D: Low definition D.
3447	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Will definition D.
3448	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Hold definition D.
3449	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Drive definition D.
3450	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Spring definition D.
3451	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: These definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Close definition D.
3452	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Miss definition D.
3453	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: The definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Agency definition D.
3454	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Best definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: Son definition D.
3455	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: When definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Speak definition D.
3456	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Fire definition D.
3457	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Follow definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Drop definition C. D: Glass definition D.
3458	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Computer definition D.
3459	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Quality definition D.
3460	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: At definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Personal definition D.
3461	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: He definition A. B: Central definition B. C: Election definition C. D: And definition D.
3462	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Check definition C. D: North definition D.
3463	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Career definition C. D: As definition D.
3464	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Person definition A. B: On definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Around definition D.
3465	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Animal definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: About definition D.
3466	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Become definition B. C: First definition C. D: Improve definition D.
3467	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Space definition D.
3468	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Security definition D.
3469	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Perform definition C. D: So definition D.
3470	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Policy definition D.
3471	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Number definition B. C: High definition C. D: In definition D.
3472	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Compare definition D.
3473	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Grow definition D.
3474	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Agree definition C. D: Increase definition D.
3475	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Start definition D.
3476	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Strong definition D.
3477	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Move definition D.
3478	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: By definition D.
3479	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Action definition D.
3480	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Me definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Recently definition D.
3481	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: End definition D.
3482	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
3483	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: None definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Serve definition D.
3484	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Paper definition D.
3485	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Federal definition D.
3486	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Career definition D.
3487	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
3488	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: North definition D.
3489	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Short definition B. C: However definition C. D: Particular definition D.
3490	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Task definition B. C: They definition C. D: Military definition D.
3491	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Site definition B. C: I definition C. D: Here definition D.
3492	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Wait definition D.
3493	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Start definition D.
3494	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Describe definition D.
3495	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Surface definition D.
3496	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Improve definition D.
3497	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Carry definition D.
3498	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: By definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
3499	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Say definition D.
3500	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Politics definition D.
3501	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Town definition B. C: House definition C. D: Brother definition D.
3502	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Report definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Production definition C. D: You definition D.
3503	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Use definition D.
3504	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Table definition D.
3505	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: They definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Stay definition D.
3506	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: The definition C. D: Dog definition D.
3507	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
3508	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: State definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
3509	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
3510	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Near definition D.
3511	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Huge definition D.
3512	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Station definition D.
3513	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Figure definition D.
3514	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Bag definition D.
3515	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Final definition D.
3516	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Take definition D.
3517	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Police definition D.
3518	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Family definition D.
3519	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Audience definition D.
3520	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
3521	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: You definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
3522	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Your definition D.
3523	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
3524	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ground definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Effort definition D.
3525	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: And definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Large definition D.
3526	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Together definition D.
3527	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Home definition D.
3528	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Way definition D.
3529	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Able definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Well definition D.
3530	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Mean definition D.
3531	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Else definition D.
3532	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: It definition B. C: State definition C. D: Movie definition D.
3533	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: However definition C. D: That definition D.
3534	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Read definition D.
3535	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Class definition D.
3536	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Report definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Whole definition D.
3537	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Very definition D.
3538	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Return definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Executive definition D.
3539	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Us definition D.
3540	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Both definition D.
3541	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Accept definition D.
3542	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Once definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Building definition D.
3543	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
3544	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Whose definition D.
3545	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
3546	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Paper definition D.
3547	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: General definition D.
3548	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Firm definition D.
3549	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: War definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Reality definition D.
3550	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: High definition C. D: Worry definition D.
3551	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
3552	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Other definition C. D: His definition D.
3553	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: View definition D.
3554	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Building definition D.
3555	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Instead definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Onto definition D.
3556	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Sport definition D.
3557	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Until definition B. C: System definition C. D: Follow definition D.
3558	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Might definition D.
3559	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: This definition C. D: One definition D.
3560	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Player definition C. D: None definition D.
3561	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Partner definition D.
3562	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Course definition C. D: Forward definition D.
3563	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Big definition D.
3564	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Move definition D.
3565	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: Yet definition D.
3566	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: No definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Former definition D.
3567	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Season definition D.
3568	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: True definition C. D: Down definition D.
3569	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Culture definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Hit definition D.
3570	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Whom definition D.
3571	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Bed definition D.
3572	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Fear definition C. D: Address definition D.
3573	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Often definition D.
3574	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Skin definition D.
3575	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Later definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
3576	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: End definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Newspaper definition D.
3577	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Turn definition D.
3578	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: At definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: During definition D.
3579	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Husband definition D.
3580	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: News definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
3581	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Official definition D.
3582	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: Art definition D.
3583	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: It definition B. C: They definition C. D: Place definition D.
3584	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Left definition D.
3585	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Guess definition D.
3586	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Protect definition D.
3587	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Left definition D.
3588	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Protect definition D.
3589	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Call definition B. C: South definition C. D: Support definition D.
3590	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Plan definition D.
3591	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Include definition D.
3592	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Field definition D.
3593	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Get definition B. C: She definition C. D: Affect definition D.
3594	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Change definition D.
3595	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: My definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Interview definition D.
3596	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: East definition D.
3597	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Financial definition D.
3598	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Himself definition C. D: Move definition D.
3599	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Ball definition D.
3600	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Relate definition C. D: Tv definition D.
3601	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Expect definition D.
3602	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Explain definition D.
3603	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Thing definition D.
3604	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Room definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
3605	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
3606	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Special definition D.
3607	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Writer definition D.
3608	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Right definition D.
3609	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Particular definition D.
3610	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Account definition D.
3611	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Store definition D.
3612	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
3613	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Old definition D.
3614	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Party definition C. D: You definition D.
3615	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Expert definition D.
3616	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Environmental definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Talk definition D.
3617	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Last definition D.
3618	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: From definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Enter definition D.
3619	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: See definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: That definition D.
3620	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Will definition D.
3621	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Economy definition D.
3622	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Heart definition D.
3623	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Of definition D.
3624	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Free definition D.
3625	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Clear definition D.
3626	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Small definition D.
3627	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Cover definition D.
3628	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Study definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Our definition D.
3629	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Table definition D.
3630	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: Movie definition D.
3631	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Can definition B. C: To definition C. D: Fear definition D.
3632	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Population definition D.
3633	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: How definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Development definition D.
3634	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Director definition D.
3635	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Training definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Himself definition D.
3636	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Hope definition D.
3637	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Debate definition D.
3638	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: North definition D.
3639	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Make definition D.
3640	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Fire definition D.
3641	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Whom definition D.
3642	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: Other definition D.
3643	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Front definition D.
3644	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Structure definition D.
3645	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Nation definition D.
3646	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Guy definition D.
3647	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Relationship definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Outside definition D.
3648	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Use definition C. D: Key definition D.
3649	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Draw definition D.
3650	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Present definition D.
3651	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: No definition D.
3652	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: High definition D.
3653	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Generation definition D.
3654	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Reduce definition C. D: Try definition D.
3655	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: That definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Beyond definition D.
3656	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Four definition D.
3657	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Interesting definition C. D: Student definition D.
3658	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Type definition D.
3659	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Truth definition D.
3660	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Say definition D.
3661	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: It definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Middle definition D.
3662	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Point definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: What definition D.
3663	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Represent definition D.
3664	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
3665	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Born definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Bad definition D.
3666	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ready definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Drop definition C. D: Modern definition D.
3667	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: President definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
3668	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Money definition B. C: None definition C. D: Goal definition D.
3669	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
3670	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Seven definition D.
3671	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Sit definition D.
3672	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Program definition D.
3673	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Film definition D.
3674	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: General definition D.
3675	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Long definition D.
3676	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Base definition D.
3677	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Our definition D.
3678	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Small definition D.
3679	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Name definition D.
3680	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Itself definition D.
3681	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mouth definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
3682	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Blood definition B. C: Down definition C. D: Sense definition D.
3683	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Rest definition D.
3684	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Show definition D.
3685	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Develop definition D.
3686	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
3687	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Continue definition D.
3688	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: After definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Compare definition D.
3689	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Operation definition D.
3690	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Attack definition D.
3691	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Especially definition C. D: So definition D.
3692	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Leave definition D.
3693	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Paper definition D.
3694	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
3695	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Myself definition D.
3696	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Event definition D.
3697	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Effort definition D.
3698	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Five definition D.
3699	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: But definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
3700	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
3701	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Despite definition D.
3702	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Growth definition D.
3703	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
3704	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Bag definition D.
3705	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: All definition D.
3706	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Performance definition D.
3707	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Together definition D.
3708	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
3709	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Time definition D.
3710	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Some definition D.
3711	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Book definition D.
3712	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
3713	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Exist definition D.
3714	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Religious definition D.
3715	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Total definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Pay definition D.
3716	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Institution definition D.
3717	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Hand definition D.
3718	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Now definition D.
3719	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Good definition D.
3720	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Free definition D.
3721	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: On definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Hard definition D.
3722	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Up definition C. D: And definition D.
3723	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Republican definition D.
3724	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Not definition D.
3725	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Score definition C. D: Station definition D.
3726	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: After definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
3727	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Relationship definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Hand definition D.
3728	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Later definition D.
3729	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Effort definition D.
3730	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Trouble definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Leave definition D.
3731	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Form definition C. D: How definition D.
3732	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Word definition D.
3733	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Space definition D.
3734	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Local definition C. D: If definition D.
3735	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Far definition D.
3736	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Box definition D.
3737	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Figure definition C. D: Matter definition D.
3738	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Bad definition D.
3739	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Before definition C. D: East definition D.
3740	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Person definition B. C: Son definition C. D: What definition D.
3741	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Cold definition D.
3742	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: You definition D.
3743	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Every definition D.
3744	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Mr definition D.
3745	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hair definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Actually definition D.
3746	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Spring definition D.
3747	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Also definition D.
3748	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Now definition D.
3749	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Former definition D.
3750	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Law definition C. D: Natural definition D.
3751	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Any definition D.
3752	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Win definition D.
3753	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: These definition D.
3754	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Some definition C. D: Style definition D.
3755	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Tough definition D.
3756	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Available definition D.
3757	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: If definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Group definition D.
3758	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Four definition B. C: National definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
3759	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Consider definition D.
3760	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Forget definition D.
3761	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Race definition D.
3762	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Join definition D.
3763	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Young definition D.
3764	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: What definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
3765	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: I definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Read definition D.
3766	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Do definition D.
3767	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Design definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
3768	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Accept definition D.
3769	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Door definition D.
3770	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
3771	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Direction definition D.
3772	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Light definition D.
3773	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: She definition C. D: Especially definition D.
3774	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
3775	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Control definition C. D: We definition D.
3776	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
3777	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Discover definition D.
3778	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Whole definition D.
3779	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Hour definition D.
3780	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Over definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Eight definition D.
3781	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
3782	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Staff definition D.
3783	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Political definition D.
3784	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Never definition D.
3785	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
3786	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Media definition D.
3787	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Woman definition D.
3788	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
3789	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Rock definition D.
3790	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Vote definition D.
3791	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Police definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Gun definition D.
3792	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Long definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
3793	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Consider definition D.
3794	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Arrive definition C. D: Over definition D.
3795	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Brother definition D.
3796	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Development definition D.
3797	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Budget definition D.
3798	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Go definition D.
3799	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Whose definition D.
3800	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Employee definition D.
3801	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
3802	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Will definition D.
3803	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Little definition D.
3804	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Thus definition D.
3805	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Culture definition D.
3806	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Special definition D.
3807	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Analysis definition D.
3808	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Room definition D.
3809	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Interest definition B. C: Will definition C. D: How definition D.
3810	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Ability definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Town definition D.
3811	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Exist definition D.
3812	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Fact definition D.
3813	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Against definition B. C: But definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
3814	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Performance definition C. D: Special definition D.
3815	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Push definition D.
3816	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Country definition D.
3817	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
3818	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Child definition D.
3819	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Shake definition D.
3820	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Response definition D.
3821	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
3822	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
3823	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: President definition D.
3824	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Break definition D.
3825	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Rest definition D.
3826	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Better definition D.
3827	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Though definition D.
3828	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Discover definition D.
3829	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Age definition D.
3830	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Later definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
3831	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Might definition D.
3832	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: My definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Resource definition D.
3833	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Material definition D.
3834	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Space definition B. C: High definition C. D: Entire definition D.
3835	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Occur definition D.
3836	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Clear definition D.
3837	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Another definition D.
3838	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Look definition D.
3839	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Fast definition D.
3840	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: By definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Everything definition D.
3841	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
3842	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Student definition D.
3843	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
3844	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Company definition D.
3845	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: History definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Bad definition D.
3846	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: White definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Hit definition D.
3847	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: When definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Speak definition D.
3848	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Standard definition D.
3849	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Ready definition D.
3850	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: While definition B. C: His definition C. D: Something definition D.
3851	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Let definition D.
3852	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: City definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Share definition D.
3853	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Soon definition D.
3854	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Leg definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Least definition D.
3855	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chair definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Phone definition D.
3856	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Less definition D.
3857	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Lead definition D.
3858	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Whether definition D.
3859	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Some definition C. D: After definition D.
3860	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Know definition D.
3861	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Wide definition D.
3862	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Plant definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Last definition D.
3863	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Meet definition D.
3864	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Despite definition D.
3865	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Assume definition C. D: Put definition D.
3866	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Data definition D.
3867	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: About definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Result definition D.
3868	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Break definition D.
3869	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: Study definition C. D: My definition D.
3870	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Author definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Might definition D.
3871	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: True definition B. C: For definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
3872	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Point definition D.
3873	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
3874	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Least definition D.
3875	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: New definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Hour definition D.
3876	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: While definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Next definition D.
3877	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Customer definition D.
3878	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Least definition B. C: He definition C. D: Tv definition D.
3879	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: War definition C. D: While definition D.
3880	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: You definition C. D: Wish definition D.
3881	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Interest definition D.
3882	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: My definition C. D: Year definition D.
3883	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
3884	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Interest definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Would definition D.
3885	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Success definition D.
3886	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: That definition B. C: World definition C. D: Address definition D.
3887	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: From definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Window definition D.
3888	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Voice definition D.
3889	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Worker definition D.
3890	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Deal definition D.
3891	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Price definition D.
3892	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Past definition B. C: To definition C. D: Successful definition D.
3893	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Court definition C. D: Military definition D.
3894	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Some definition D.
3895	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Wait definition D.
3896	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
3897	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Learn definition D.
3898	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Determine definition D.
3899	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Along definition D.
3900	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Close definition D.
3901	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Good definition D.
3902	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Everybody definition B. C: Continue definition C. D: Project definition D.
3903	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Them definition B. C: North definition C. D: Impact definition D.
3904	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Similar definition D.
3905	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Be definition D.
3906	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mouth definition A. B: Close definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Line definition D.
3907	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: World definition D.
3908	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Evening definition D.
3909	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: National definition B. C: Education definition C. D: His definition D.
3910	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Action definition C. D: System definition D.
3911	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Coach definition D.
3912	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
3913	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Career definition D.
3914	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: Matter definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Spend definition D.
3915	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Reach definition C. D: Affect definition D.
3916	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Order definition D.
3917	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Million definition C. D: School definition D.
3918	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: History definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Far definition D.
3919	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: They definition D.
3920	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
3921	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Run definition D.
3922	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Some definition D.
3923	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Table definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Good definition D.
3924	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Past definition D.
3925	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Man definition D.
3926	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Lawyer definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Term definition D.
3927	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Begin definition D.
3928	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Hair definition D.
3929	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Month definition C. D: To definition D.
3930	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Provide definition D.
3931	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Piece definition D.
3932	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
3933	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Music definition D.
3934	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Argue definition D.
3935	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Increase definition D.
3936	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: American definition C. D: Education definition D.
3937	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Many definition D.
3938	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Experience definition D.
3939	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Experience definition D.
3940	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Around definition D.
3941	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Get definition B. C: For definition C. D: Occur definition D.
3942	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Into definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Research definition D.
3943	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Worker definition D.
3944	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Attack definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Draw definition D.
3945	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Create definition D.
3946	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Generation definition D.
3947	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Protect definition D.
3948	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Statement definition D.
3949	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Few definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Carry definition D.
3950	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Those definition D.
3951	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Source definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Study definition D.
3952	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Ready definition D.
3953	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: South definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Head definition D.
3954	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Wall definition D.
3955	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Really definition D.
3956	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Popular definition D.
3957	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Sense definition D.
3958	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Art definition D.
3959	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Forget definition D.
3960	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Still definition D.
3961	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Point definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Food definition D.
3962	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Return definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Rather definition D.
3963	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Once definition D.
3964	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Summer definition D.
3965	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Hundred definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Event definition D.
3966	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
3967	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Probably definition D.
3968	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Build definition C. D: These definition D.
3969	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: History definition D.
3970	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Check definition D.
3971	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Say definition D.
3972	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Well definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Town definition D.
3973	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Thus definition D.
3974	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Treat definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Assume definition D.
3975	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Health definition D.
3976	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: This definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Along definition D.
3977	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: List definition C. D: Southern definition D.
3978	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Value definition D.
3979	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
3980	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
3981	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Respond definition D.
3982	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Television definition D.
3983	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Issue definition D.
3984	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Stay definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Or definition D.
3985	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Movement definition D.
3986	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Training definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Stop definition D.
3987	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Source definition D.
3988	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Too definition D.
3989	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Exactly definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Current definition D.
3990	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Sort definition D.
3991	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Baby definition D.
3992	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Class definition D.
3993	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Security definition D.
3994	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Feel definition D.
3995	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
3996	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Worker definition D.
3997	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Me definition D.
3998	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Threat definition D.
3999	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: News definition D.
4000	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Meet definition D.
4001	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Idea definition D.
4002	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Oil definition D.
4003	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Enter definition D.
4004	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Hear definition D.
4005	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Could definition D.
4006	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Among definition D.
4007	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: High definition B. C: Before definition C. D: State definition D.
4008	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Along definition D.
4009	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Write definition D.
4010	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Task definition D.
4011	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Character definition D.
4012	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Like definition D.
4013	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Its definition D.
4014	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Carry definition D.
4015	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Resource definition A. B: View definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Fast definition D.
4016	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Young definition D.
4017	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Field definition D.
4018	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Suffer definition C. D: Break definition D.
4019	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Even definition B. C: At definition C. D: Threat definition D.
4020	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
4021	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Into definition D.
4022	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Hear definition D.
4023	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Computer definition C. D: Go definition D.
4024	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Image definition D.
4025	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Past definition D.
4026	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chair definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Hard definition D.
4027	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: There definition C. D: Recent definition D.
4028	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Race definition D.
4029	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Next definition B. C: War definition C. D: Area definition D.
4030	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: For definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
4031	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Ago definition D.
4032	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Baby definition D.
4033	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Bit definition D.
4034	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: During definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Space definition D.
4035	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Cost definition D.
4036	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Teach definition D.
4037	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Control definition D.
4038	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Long definition C. D: Think definition D.
4039	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: System definition B. C: Draw definition C. D: Idea definition D.
4040	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Travel definition D.
4041	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Some definition C. D: Because definition D.
4042	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Face definition D.
4043	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Together definition C. D: American definition D.
4044	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Read definition C. D: We definition D.
4045	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: More definition C. D: Watch definition D.
4046	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: That definition C. D: Of definition D.
4047	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Development definition D.
4048	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: History definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Easy definition D.
4049	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Child definition D.
4050	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Protect definition D.
4051	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Plan definition C. D: May definition D.
4052	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Back definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Help definition D.
4053	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Create definition D.
4054	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: Environment definition D.
4055	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Of definition D.
4056	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Who definition B. C: My definition C. D: Use definition D.
4057	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Next definition D.
4058	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Which definition D.
4059	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: View definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Effect definition D.
4060	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Production definition D.
4061	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Type definition D.
4062	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
4063	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Try definition D.
4064	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Call definition C. D: Player definition D.
4065	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Place definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Them definition D.
4066	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Chair definition D.
4067	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Not definition D.
4068	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Hear definition D.
4069	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Act definition D.
4070	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Television definition D.
4071	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attention definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: This definition C. D: Left definition D.
4072	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Generation definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
4073	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Large definition D.
4074	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Something definition C. D: Else definition D.
4075	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happen definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Perform definition D.
4076	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Top definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Fund definition D.
4077	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Serious definition D.
4078	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Experience definition D.
4079	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Go definition D.
4080	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: How definition C. D: Sing definition D.
4081	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Against definition D.
4082	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Animal definition D.
4083	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Direction definition D.
4084	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: American definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Game definition D.
4085	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Unit definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Conference definition D.
4086	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Some definition D.
4087	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Ground definition C. D: Value definition D.
4088	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Behind definition D.
4089	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Job definition C. D: A definition D.
4090	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Southern definition A. B: When definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
4091	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Push definition D.
4092	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Make definition D.
4093	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: More definition B. C: Give definition C. D: And definition D.
4094	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Red definition D.
4095	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Already definition C. D: She definition D.
4096	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Happy definition D.
4097	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Question definition C. D: Year definition D.
4098	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Role definition D.
4099	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Man definition D.
4100	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: She definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Soon definition D.
4101	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Cut definition D.
4102	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Long definition D.
4103	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Receive definition D.
4104	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: This definition D.
4105	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: You definition D.
4106	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: No definition D.
4107	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: How definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Force definition D.
4108	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: World definition C. D: Have definition D.
4109	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Friend definition D.
4110	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: My definition D.
4111	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Story definition D.
4112	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Claim definition D.
4113	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Newspaper definition D.
4114	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: It definition C. D: Say definition D.
4115	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Need definition D.
4116	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: This definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
4117	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Improve definition D.
4118	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Accept definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Nation definition D.
4119	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Happy definition D.
4120	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Question definition B. C: For definition C. D: Run definition D.
4121	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: True definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: However definition D.
4122	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Open definition D.
4123	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Free definition C. D: Operation definition D.
4124	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: My definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Concern definition D.
4125	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Customer definition D.
4126	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: View definition C. D: Assume definition D.
4127	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Great definition A. B: Happen definition B. C: How definition C. D: Similar definition D.
4128	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Father definition D.
4129	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Tv definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Standard definition D.
4130	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: Really definition D.
4131	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
4132	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Care definition D.
4133	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Such definition D.
4134	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Success definition B. C: See definition C. D: Speech definition D.
4135	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Very definition D.
4136	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Soon definition D.
4137	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Use definition C. D: From definition D.
4138	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Ball definition D.
4139	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Alone definition C. D: Despite definition D.
4140	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Forget definition D.
4141	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
4142	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
4143	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: While definition C. D: Huge definition D.
4144	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hope definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: World definition C. D: Story definition D.
4145	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Your definition D.
4146	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Note definition D.
4147	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Team definition D.
4148	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Treat definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Camera definition D.
4149	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Cause definition D.
4150	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Lead definition D.
4151	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
4152	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Blood definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: That definition D.
4153	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Deep definition D.
4154	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Author definition D.
4155	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Example definition B. C: College definition C. D: High definition D.
4156	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: Decision definition D.
4157	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Entire definition D.
4158	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reveal definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Recent definition D.
4159	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
4160	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Dog definition D.
4161	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Floor definition C. D: Fund definition D.
4162	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: War definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Popular definition D.
4163	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: President definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Member definition D.
4164	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Reach definition D.
4165	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Garden definition D.
4166	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: All definition C. D: Rather definition D.
4167	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Look definition C. D: Choice definition D.
4168	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: By definition C. D: Claim definition D.
4169	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Matter definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Well definition D.
4170	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: President definition D.
4171	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: I definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: American definition D.
4172	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Add definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Factor definition D.
4173	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Compare definition D.
4174	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4175	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Something definition C. D: Choice definition D.
4176	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
4177	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Story definition D.
4178	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
4179	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Method definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Teach definition D.
4180	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Ground definition D.
4181	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Theory definition D.
4182	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Until definition D.
4183	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
4184	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Information definition D.
4185	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: If definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: After definition D.
4186	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Adult definition D.
4187	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Safe definition D.
4188	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: My definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Need definition D.
4189	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: North definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Official definition D.
4190	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Room definition D.
4191	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Moment definition D.
4192	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Air definition D.
4193	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
4194	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Share definition D.
4195	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Up definition D.
4196	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Election definition C. D: When definition D.
4197	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Simple definition D.
4198	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Environment definition D.
4199	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
4200	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Turn definition D.
4201	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Business definition B. C: From definition C. D: Painting definition D.
4202	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Us definition D.
4203	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: More definition B. C: Land definition C. D: Special definition D.
4204	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Would definition D.
4205	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Involve definition D.
4206	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Road definition D.
4207	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Should definition D.
4208	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: State definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Sport definition D.
4209	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Health definition D.
4210	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: House definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Little definition D.
4211	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Result definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Store definition D.
4212	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Significant definition D.
4213	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
4214	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Social definition D.
4215	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Still definition D.
4216	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Big definition D.
4217	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Other definition D.
4218	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Instead definition D.
4219	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: This definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: A definition D.
4220	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
4221	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Media definition D.
4222	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Development definition B. C: History definition C. D: Bring definition D.
4223	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Enter definition D.
4224	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
4225	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Close definition C. D: If definition D.
4226	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4227	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Always definition D.
4228	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Share definition D.
4229	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Theory definition D.
4230	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Social definition B. C: None definition C. D: Know definition D.
4231	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Reach definition D.
4232	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Wind definition D.
4233	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Study definition D.
4234	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Today definition D.
4235	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
4236	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Next definition D.
4237	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Wife definition D.
4238	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Street definition D.
4239	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: List definition C. D: Town definition D.
4240	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Well definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Heart definition D.
4241	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Security definition D.
4242	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Only definition D.
4243	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Time definition C. D: War definition D.
4244	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Determine definition D.
4245	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Despite definition D.
4246	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: American definition C. D: Effect definition D.
4247	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: All definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Cold definition D.
4248	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
4249	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: Major definition D.
4250	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Consider definition D.
4251	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: To definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Card definition D.
4252	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Agent definition D.
4253	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Meet definition D.
4254	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: If definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Around definition D.
4255	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Social definition D.
4256	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Inside definition D.
4257	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Method definition D.
4258	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Network definition D.
4259	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Among definition D.
4260	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Adult definition D.
4261	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Everybody definition D.
4262	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Form definition D.
4263	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Different definition D.
4264	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Behavior definition C. D: Do definition D.
4265	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Point definition D.
4266	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Control definition D.
4267	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Eat definition D.
4268	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Art definition D.
4269	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Realize definition D.
4270	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Point definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Particular definition D.
4271	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Consider definition D.
4272	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Wide definition D.
4273	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
4274	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
4275	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Several definition D.
4276	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Other definition D.
4277	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Market definition D.
4278	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Front definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Admit definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
4279	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Store definition A. B: It definition B. C: Message definition C. D: New definition D.
4280	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Threat definition D.
4281	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Represent definition D.
4282	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Seven definition D.
4283	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Full definition D.
4284	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Church definition D.
4285	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Successful definition D.
4286	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
4287	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Old definition D.
4288	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Five definition D.
4289	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Buy definition D.
4290	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Development definition D.
4291	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Another definition C. D: See definition D.
4292	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Trade definition D.
4293	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Authority definition C. D: Time definition D.
4294	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: North definition D.
4295	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Position definition D.
4296	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Though definition D.
4297	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Assume definition D.
4298	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Story definition B. C: However definition C. D: Until definition D.
4299	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Like definition D.
4300	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Information definition D.
4301	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Building definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Long definition D.
4302	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Special definition D.
4303	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Authority definition C. D: Between definition D.
4304	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Bit definition D.
4305	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Hour definition D.
4306	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Small definition D.
4307	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Beat definition D.
4308	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
4309	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: National definition C. D: Continue definition D.
4310	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Store definition D.
4311	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: As definition B. C: Total definition C. D: Run definition D.
4312	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Water definition D.
4313	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
4314	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
4315	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soon definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Yard definition D.
4316	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Protect definition D.
4317	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Shoulder definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Ground definition D.
4318	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
4319	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: More definition C. D: Them definition D.
4320	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Create definition D.
4321	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Animal definition A. B: Best definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
4322	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dinner definition A. B: If definition B. C: A definition C. D: Rock definition D.
4323	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Station definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Field definition D.
4324	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Coach definition D.
4325	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: Fly definition B. C: For definition C. D: Show definition D.
4326	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Close definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Expert definition D.
4327	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Something definition D.
4328	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Place definition D.
4329	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Result definition D.
4330	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
4331	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
4332	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: To definition C. D: Above definition D.
4333	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Best definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: The definition D.
4334	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Ability definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Success definition D.
4335	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Large definition D.
4336	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Born definition D.
4337	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throw definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Because definition D.
4338	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Expert definition D.
4339	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Particular definition D.
4340	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Realize definition D.
4341	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Market definition D.
4342	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Test definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Accept definition D.
4343	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Hand definition D.
4344	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Clear definition D.
4345	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Usually definition D.
4346	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Member definition D.
4347	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Agent definition D.
4348	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Song definition D.
4349	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: How definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Trip definition D.
4350	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Draw definition C. D: Whole definition D.
4351	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Guess definition D.
4352	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Treat definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Task definition D.
4353	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Animal definition D.
4354	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Medical definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Bill definition D.
4355	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Alone definition D.
4356	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Wind definition D.
4357	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Court definition D.
4358	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Green definition C. D: Run definition D.
4359	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Next definition C. D: Rule definition D.
4360	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: West definition D.
4361	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Bill definition D.
4362	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: About definition C. D: Leave definition D.
4363	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Believe definition D.
4364	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Walk definition D.
4365	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Term definition D.
4366	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Ago definition D.
4367	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Field definition D.
4368	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: May definition C. D: Share definition D.
4369	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: News definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Vote definition D.
4370	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Will definition D.
4371	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Very definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
4372	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Threat definition D.
4373	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Form definition D.
4374	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Institution definition D.
4375	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Owner definition D.
4376	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: What definition D.
4377	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Police definition D.
4378	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Or definition D.
4379	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Name definition D.
4380	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Rise definition D.
4381	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: The definition D.
4382	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: Herself definition D.
4383	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
4384	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Ago definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: To definition D.
4385	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: So definition C. D: Might definition D.
4386	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Last definition D.
4387	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Account definition D.
4388	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Top definition D.
4389	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: School definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Would definition D.
4390	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Have definition D.
4391	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Group definition D.
4392	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
4393	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: While definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Part definition D.
4394	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: At definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Only definition D.
4395	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Special definition D.
4396	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Guess definition D.
4397	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Nation definition D.
4398	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Want definition D.
4399	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Party definition D.
4400	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
4401	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: According definition D.
4402	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Half definition D.
4403	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Stand definition D.
4404	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
4405	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Drug definition D.
4406	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Station definition D.
4407	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: What definition B. C: True definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4408	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Raise definition D.
4409	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: My definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: End definition D.
4410	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Design definition B. C: Security definition C. D: For definition D.
4411	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Act definition D.
4412	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: Perform definition C. D: Little definition D.
4413	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Whose definition D.
4414	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Interest definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4415	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Value definition C. D: White definition D.
4416	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: North definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Drug definition D.
4417	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Season definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Free definition D.
4418	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Music definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Up definition D.
4419	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Fish definition D.
4420	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Good definition D.
4421	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
4422	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
4423	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Life definition D.
4424	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Your definition D.
4425	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Old definition C. D: High definition D.
4426	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Fund definition D.
4427	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Room definition C. D: According definition D.
4428	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ready definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: According definition D.
4429	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Might definition C. D: This definition D.
4430	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Return definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: A definition D.
4431	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Grow definition D.
4432	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Short definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Build definition D.
4433	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Attention definition D.
4434	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Office definition D.
4435	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Rate definition D.
4436	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
4437	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Upon definition D.
4438	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Beat definition D.
4439	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Them definition D.
4440	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
4441	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Yet definition D.
4442	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Add definition A. B: News definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Agency definition D.
4443	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Read definition D.
4444	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: Test definition D.
4445	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
4446	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Guess definition D.
4447	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Girl definition D.
4448	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
4449	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Line definition D.
4450	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: After definition C. D: Call definition D.
4451	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Notice definition D.
4452	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Type definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Describe definition D.
4453	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Million definition D.
4454	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Government definition D.
4455	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: City definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Page definition D.
4456	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Future definition D.
4457	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Finish definition D.
4458	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Especially definition D.
4459	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Tend definition D.
4460	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Head definition D.
4461	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Alone definition C. D: Military definition D.
4462	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Show definition D.
4463	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Seven definition D.
4464	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: None definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Name definition D.
4465	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: It definition C. D: Cause definition D.
4466	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Every definition D.
4467	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: New definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Easy definition D.
4468	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
4469	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Cut definition D.
4470	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Attack definition D.
4471	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Rich definition D.
4472	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Cup definition D.
4473	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Shake definition D.
4474	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effort definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Design definition D.
4475	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Personal definition D.
4476	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Season definition D.
4477	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Among definition D.
4478	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Serious definition D.
4479	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Seem definition C. D: Girl definition D.
4480	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: But definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Note definition D.
4481	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Short definition D.
4482	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Write definition D.
4483	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Old definition D.
4484	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Serve definition D.
4485	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Price definition D.
4486	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Person definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Product definition D.
4487	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Animal definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Fear definition D.
4488	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
4489	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
4490	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Event definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Reach definition D.
4491	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Serious definition D.
4492	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Goal definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Success definition D.
4493	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: In definition D.
4494	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Under definition D.
4495	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: For definition D.
4496	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Anyone definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Attack definition D.
4497	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Approach definition D.
4498	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Hit definition D.
4499	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Piece definition D.
4500	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: City definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
4501	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: Surface definition D.
4502	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Theory definition D.
4503	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: State definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Another definition D.
4504	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Contain definition D.
4505	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Over definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Writer definition D.
4506	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Remain definition D.
4507	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Politics definition D.
4508	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: House definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Hard definition D.
4509	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Debate definition D.
4510	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: State definition B. C: Himself definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
4511	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Few definition B. C: More definition C. D: Across definition D.
4512	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Pass definition D.
4513	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Top definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Need definition D.
4514	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Present definition D.
4515	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Then definition B. C: House definition C. D: Teach definition D.
4516	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Than definition D.
4517	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: Most definition D.
4518	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Kind definition D.
4519	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Former definition D.
4520	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Mention definition D.
4521	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Public definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Board definition D.
4522	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Star definition C. D: If definition D.
4523	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Picture definition D.
4524	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Trouble definition B. C: I definition C. D: Similar definition D.
4525	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Send definition D.
4526	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Conference definition D.
4527	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Skill definition D.
4528	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: I definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Road definition D.
4529	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Force definition D.
4530	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Ok definition D.
4531	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Over definition D.
4532	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Off definition D.
4533	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Force definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Think definition D.
4534	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Traditional definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: Case definition D.
4535	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Process definition C. D: General definition D.
4536	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Cell definition D.
4537	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Environmental definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Here definition D.
4538	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Design definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Game definition D.
4539	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Simply definition D.
4540	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Step definition D.
4541	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Common definition D.
4542	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: This definition D.
4543	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: According definition D.
4544	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Continue definition C. D: World definition D.
4545	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Sell definition D.
4546	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Of definition D.
4547	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: But definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: General definition D.
4548	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: City definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Adult definition D.
4549	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: A definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Young definition D.
4550	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4551	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Respond definition D.
4552	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: Television definition D.
4553	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Nature definition D.
4554	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Which definition D.
4555	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Center definition D.
4556	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Policy definition D.
4557	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: House definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Cut definition D.
4558	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Consider definition D.
4559	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Really definition D.
4560	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Although definition D.
4561	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Best definition B. C: White definition C. D: Out definition D.
4562	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
4563	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Manage definition D.
4564	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: His definition D.
4565	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Weight definition D.
4566	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
4567	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: After definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Develop definition D.
4568	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Up definition D.
4569	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Into definition A. B: News definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Country definition D.
4570	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Second definition D.
4571	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Win definition D.
4572	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Threat definition D.
4573	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
4574	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: At definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Message definition D.
4575	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Job definition D.
4576	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Drug definition D.
4577	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Several definition D.
4578	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Director definition D.
4579	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: South definition C. D: Claim definition D.
4580	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Recent definition D.
4581	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Gas definition D.
4582	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Card definition C. D: To definition D.
4583	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Theory definition D.
4584	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Low definition B. C: Understand definition C. D: Article definition D.
4585	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Try definition C. D: May definition D.
4586	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: The definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Shake definition D.
4587	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: On definition D.
4588	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Research definition D.
4589	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Mother definition D.
4590	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Student definition C. D: They definition D.
4591	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Sign definition D.
4592	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Score definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Final definition D.
4593	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: Share definition B. C: But definition C. D: Value definition D.
4594	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: American definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Ability definition D.
4595	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Would definition C. D: Act definition D.
4596	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Add definition D.
4597	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Yet definition D.
4598	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Make definition D.
4599	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Possible definition D.
4600	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
4601	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: May definition C. D: But definition D.
4602	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
4603	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Lot definition D.
4604	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Whether definition D.
4605	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Drop definition D.
4606	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: House definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Practice definition D.
4607	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Sound definition D.
4608	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Actually definition D.
4609	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Fill definition D.
4610	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Myself definition D.
4611	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Draw definition D.
4612	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Finish definition D.
4613	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Lose definition D.
4614	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Series definition D.
4615	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Will definition D.
4616	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Art definition D.
4617	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Development definition D.
4618	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Class definition D.
4619	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Just definition D.
4620	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Debate definition D.
4621	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Foot definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Much definition D.
4622	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Develop definition D.
4623	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Training definition D.
4624	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
4625	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Anything definition D.
4626	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Something definition D.
4627	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: You definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
4628	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Their definition D.
4629	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: Purpose definition B. C: Why definition C. D: General definition D.
4630	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
4631	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Because definition D.
4632	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Space definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Character definition D.
4633	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4634	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Man definition D.
4635	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
4636	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Including definition D.
4637	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Technology definition D.
4638	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
4639	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Small definition D.
4640	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Pass definition D.
4641	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: House definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Off definition D.
4642	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Too definition D.
4643	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Public definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Last definition D.
4644	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Value definition D.
4645	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: South definition C. D: Nature definition D.
4646	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Speak definition D.
4647	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: No definition D.
4648	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Upon definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Stock definition D.
4649	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Attack definition C. D: Read definition D.
4650	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Prepare definition C. D: On definition D.
4651	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Son definition D.
4652	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Contain definition D.
4653	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Model definition B. C: On definition C. D: Half definition D.
4654	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Buy definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
4655	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Institution definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Investment definition D.
4656	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Simple definition D.
4657	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Recent definition D.
4658	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
4659	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
4660	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Hard definition D.
4661	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Lead definition D.
4662	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Address definition D.
4663	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Area definition D.
4664	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Available definition D.
4665	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Training definition D.
4666	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Myself definition D.
4667	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: A definition C. D: Become definition D.
4668	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Issue definition C. D: Owner definition D.
4669	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Water definition D.
4670	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Process definition D.
4671	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Century definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Continue definition D.
4672	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Debate definition D.
4673	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Red definition D.
4674	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Bar definition D.
4675	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Stop definition D.
4676	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Officer definition D.
4677	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Year definition C. D: Fine definition D.
4678	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Stock definition D.
4679	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Five definition D.
4680	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: May definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Drop definition D.
4681	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Education definition D.
4682	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Call definition D.
4683	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
4684	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Film definition B. C: First definition C. D: Food definition D.
4685	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Perform definition C. D: Apply definition D.
4686	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Our definition D.
4687	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Generation definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
4688	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Author definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Race definition D.
4689	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Show definition B. C: Rock definition C. D: Character definition D.
4690	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Nation definition D.
4691	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: Society definition D.
4692	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Work definition D.
4693	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Just definition B. C: First definition C. D: Probably definition D.
4694	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: On definition C. D: President definition D.
4695	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
4696	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Street definition D.
4697	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: I definition B. C: With definition C. D: Say definition D.
4698	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Authority definition D.
4699	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Single definition D.
4700	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: City definition D.
4701	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Son definition D.
4702	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Us definition D.
4703	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Information definition D.
4704	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Health definition D.
4705	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
4706	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Sit definition D.
4707	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Research definition C. D: With definition D.
4708	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Become definition D.
4709	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Stop definition D.
4710	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Once definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Sound definition D.
4711	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Size definition D.
4712	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Ground definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
4713	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Important definition D.
4714	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Light definition D.
4715	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Painting definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Participant definition D.
4716	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Network definition D.
4717	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Computer definition C. D: Music definition D.
4718	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Sit definition D.
4719	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Value definition D.
4720	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Five definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Court definition D.
4721	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: By definition D.
4722	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Serve definition D.
4723	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Least definition D.
4724	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Worker definition D.
4725	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Contain definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Research definition D.
4726	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Owner definition D.
4727	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: View definition D.
4728	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Tell definition D.
4729	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Impact definition D.
4730	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Now definition D.
4731	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Small definition D.
4732	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Star definition D.
4733	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: You definition D.
4734	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Congress definition D.
4735	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Nor definition D.
4736	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
4737	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Through definition C. D: That definition D.
4738	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Tv definition D.
4739	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: List definition D.
4740	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Political definition D.
4741	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Guess definition D.
4742	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Less definition D.
4743	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Law definition D.
4744	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Chair definition D.
4745	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Nature definition D.
4746	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Any definition C. D: During definition D.
4747	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Issue definition D.
4748	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Own definition D.
4749	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
4750	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: State definition D.
4751	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Responsibility definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Thought definition D.
4752	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Two definition C. D: The definition D.
4753	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Across definition D.
4754	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Note definition C. D: This definition D.
4755	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Young definition C. D: True definition D.
4756	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Town definition D.
4757	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
4758	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: With definition B. C: Within definition C. D: South definition D.
4759	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Relationship definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Machine definition D.
4760	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Work definition D.
4761	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Southern definition D.
4762	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Language definition D.
4763	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Audience definition A. B: During definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Eight definition D.
4764	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Tend definition D.
4765	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Physical definition D.
4766	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Home definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
4767	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Suffer definition D.
4768	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
4769	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Accept definition D.
4770	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Property definition D.
4771	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Coach definition D.
4772	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: At definition B. C: New definition C. D: Dream definition D.
4773	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Catch definition D.
4774	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: West definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Allow definition D.
4775	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Section definition D.
4776	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Reflect definition C. D: Property definition D.
4777	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Free definition C. D: Town definition D.
4778	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Something definition D.
4779	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Between definition D.
4780	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Spend definition D.
4781	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: View definition C. D: State definition D.
4782	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Available definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Down definition D.
4783	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Body definition D.
4784	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Social definition D.
4785	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: On definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Skin definition D.
4786	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Fine definition B. C: This definition C. D: Risk definition D.
4787	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Against definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Prove definition D.
4788	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: No definition D.
4789	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Green definition D.
4790	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Player definition B. C: May definition C. D: Cup definition D.
4791	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Author definition D.
4792	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Activity definition D.
4793	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Brother definition C. D: Yes definition D.
4794	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Create definition B. C: What definition C. D: Great definition D.
4795	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Along definition D.
4796	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
4797	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Reflect definition C. D: Computer definition D.
4798	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Seem definition D.
4799	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Dream definition D.
4800	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Need definition D.
4801	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Case definition D.
4802	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Firm definition D.
4803	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Will definition C. D: Southern definition D.
4804	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Source definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Probably definition D.
4805	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: For definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Which definition D.
4806	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Security definition D.
4807	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Season definition C. D: Produce definition D.
4808	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Great definition D.
4809	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: And definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Art definition D.
4810	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Computer definition D.
4811	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Apply definition D.
4812	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Open definition D.
4813	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Debate definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Past definition D.
4814	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: No definition D.
4815	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thousand definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Other definition D.
4816	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Nearly definition D.
4817	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Teach definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Catch definition D.
4818	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Tend definition D.
4819	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: All definition D.
4820	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Their definition D.
4821	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Usually definition D.
4822	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
4823	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Defense definition D.
4824	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Enter definition D.
4825	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Short definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Message definition D.
4826	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Main definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: Court definition D.
4827	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Just definition D.
4828	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Opportunity definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Matter definition D.
4829	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: To definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Develop definition D.
4830	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Culture definition D.
4831	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Animal definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Analysis definition D.
4832	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Produce definition D.
4833	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Represent definition D.
4834	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Foot definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Do definition D.
4835	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: After definition B. C: Improve definition C. D: Officer definition D.
4836	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Mission definition D.
4837	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Later definition D.
4838	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Situation definition D.
4839	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Mission definition D.
4840	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Buy definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Fire definition D.
4841	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Same definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Side definition D.
4842	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Effort definition D.
4843	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Hard definition C. D: Over definition D.
4844	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Easy definition D.
4845	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: My definition A. B: Here definition B. C: World definition C. D: Wife definition D.
4846	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Big definition C. D: After definition D.
4847	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Land definition D.
4848	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Name definition D.
4849	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Short definition D.
4850	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Management definition D.
4851	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: I definition C. D: Both definition D.
4852	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Conference definition D.
4853	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: More definition B. C: Long definition C. D: Discover definition D.
4854	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Fear definition C. D: Data definition D.
4855	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Life definition D.
4856	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Fight definition D.
4857	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Help definition D.
4858	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Although definition D.
4859	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: First definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Success definition D.
4860	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Season definition D.
4861	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Play definition D.
4862	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Cause definition D.
4863	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Local definition D.
4864	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Bill definition D.
4865	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Today definition D.
4866	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Recent definition D.
4867	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Fire definition D.
4868	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Least definition C. D: Here definition D.
4869	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
4870	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Foot definition D.
4871	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Share definition B. C: House definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
4872	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Bring definition D.
4873	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: War definition C. D: Along definition D.
4874	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
4875	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: Make definition D.
4876	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Through definition D.
4877	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Significant definition C. D: Important definition D.
4878	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Understand definition D.
4879	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Piece definition D.
4880	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Part definition B. C: End definition C. D: Detail definition D.
4881	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Season definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
4882	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
4883	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Why definition D.
4884	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
4885	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Present definition D.
4886	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Case definition B. C: True definition C. D: Glass definition D.
4887	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Now definition D.
4888	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
4889	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Challenge definition A. B: Item definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Continue definition D.
4890	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: None definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
4891	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Activity definition D.
4892	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Job definition D.
4893	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: He definition D.
4894	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Other definition A. B: Return definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Across definition D.
4895	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
4896	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Reason definition D.
4897	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Green definition D.
4898	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
4899	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
4900	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Less definition D.
4901	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Fill definition D.
4902	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Play definition D.
4903	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: It definition C. D: Realize definition D.
4904	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: It definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Ten definition D.
4905	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: Ball definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Central definition D.
4906	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Employee definition D.
4907	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Region definition D.
4908	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: North definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Peace definition D.
4909	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Right definition B. C: No definition C. D: Image definition D.
4910	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Large definition D.
4911	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Memory definition D.
4912	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Better definition D.
4913	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Low definition D.
4914	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: State definition C. D: Structure definition D.
4915	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Station definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Difference definition D.
4916	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Himself definition C. D: Current definition D.
4917	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Action definition D.
4918	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Whether definition D.
4919	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Mission definition D.
4920	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Manager definition D.
4921	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Everything definition D.
4922	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Between definition D.
4923	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Worker definition D.
4924	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Clear definition D.
4925	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Effort definition D.
4926	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Person definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Admit definition D.
4927	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Conference definition D.
4928	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Cost definition D.
4929	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Information definition C. D: Artist definition D.
4930	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Man definition D.
4931	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Even definition D.
4932	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Quite definition D.
4933	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Under definition D.
4934	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Step definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Situation definition D.
4935	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Admit definition C. D: Affect definition D.
4936	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Scene definition D.
4937	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
4938	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Deal definition D.
4939	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Event definition D.
4940	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: State definition C. D: Whole definition D.
4941	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Claim definition D.
4942	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Point definition D.
4943	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: From definition C. D: Congress definition D.
4944	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Serious definition D.
4945	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: She definition C. D: Account definition D.
4946	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Learn definition D.
4947	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Become definition C. D: School definition D.
4948	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Seek definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Fly definition D.
4949	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
4950	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: For definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Final definition D.
4951	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Nearly definition D.
4952	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Improve definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Their definition D.
4953	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Right definition D.
4954	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: The definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Blood definition D.
4955	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Play definition D.
4956	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Want definition D.
4957	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: More definition C. D: Away definition D.
4958	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Site definition D.
4959	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Rock definition D.
4960	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Society definition D.
4961	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Reach definition D.
4962	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Interview definition D.
4963	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Although definition D.
4964	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
4965	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Remain definition D.
4966	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Two definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Edge definition D.
4967	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
4968	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Defense definition C. D: Watch definition D.
4969	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Hit definition D.
4970	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: It definition D.
4971	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Against definition D.
4972	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Along definition D.
4973	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Play definition D.
4974	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Away definition D.
4975	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Measure definition D.
4976	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Purpose definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Bit definition D.
4977	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Material definition D.
4978	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Just definition D.
4979	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Pull definition D.
4980	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Of definition D.
4981	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Plant definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Center definition D.
4982	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Read definition D.
4983	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Education definition D.
4984	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: Some definition C. D: Her definition D.
4985	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
4986	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Side definition A. B: National definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Throw definition D.
4987	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dinner definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Take definition C. D: Fast definition D.
4988	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Hard definition C. D: Especially definition D.
4989	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
4990	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Often definition B. C: I definition C. D: Republican definition D.
4991	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
4992	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Sister definition D.
4993	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Guess definition D.
4994	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Memory definition D.
4995	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: First definition C. D: Culture definition D.
4996	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
4997	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Moment definition D.
4998	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Food definition D.
4999	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Method definition D.
5000	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Year definition D.
5001	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Relationship definition B. C: There definition C. D: Role definition D.
5002	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Fast definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
5003	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Try definition C. D: Itself definition D.
5004	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Art definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Local definition D.
5005	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Process definition D.
5006	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Add definition B. C: A definition C. D: Action definition D.
5007	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Happen definition D.
5008	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Inside definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Can definition D.
5009	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Although definition D.
5010	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Space definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Star definition D.
5011	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Appear definition D.
5012	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Data definition D.
5013	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Year definition C. D: Inside definition D.
5014	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Why definition D.
5015	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Together definition B. C: City definition C. D: Expert definition D.
5016	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Us definition D.
5017	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Subject definition D.
5018	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Chance definition D.
5019	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Safe definition D.
5020	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Sort definition D.
5021	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Reality definition D.
5022	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Season definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Direction definition D.
5023	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Chair definition D.
5024	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
5025	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: But definition A. B: No definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Magazine definition D.
5026	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Be definition D.
5027	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Ok definition D.
5028	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Billion definition D.
5029	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: City definition C. D: Way definition D.
5030	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Entire definition D.
5031	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Outside definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Today definition D.
5032	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Black definition D.
5033	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
5034	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Onto definition D.
5035	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Green definition B. C: More definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
5036	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Organization definition D.
5037	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Above definition D.
5038	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: At definition C. D: Finally definition D.
5039	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Kitchen definition D.
5040	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: According definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Magazine definition D.
5041	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
5042	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Push definition D.
5043	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Mention definition D.
5044	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Against definition C. D: And definition D.
5045	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Question definition D.
5046	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: There definition D.
5047	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Especially definition D.
5048	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Identify definition D.
5049	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: High definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Machine definition D.
5050	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Card definition D.
5051	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: They definition D.
5052	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: And definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Final definition D.
5053	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Network definition D.
5054	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Common definition D.
5055	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Plan definition D.
5056	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Method definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Sense definition D.
5057	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
5058	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Others definition D.
5059	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Change definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: High definition D.
5060	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
5061	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Recently definition D.
5062	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Each definition D.
5063	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Hold definition D.
5064	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Person definition D.
5065	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Certain definition D.
5066	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Interesting definition C. D: Apply definition D.
5067	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Light definition D.
5068	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Space definition C. D: While definition D.
5069	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Well definition C. D: More definition D.
5070	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Similar definition D.
5071	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Energy definition D.
5072	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Get definition D.
5073	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Stuff definition C. D: Add definition D.
5074	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Week definition D.
5075	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Third definition D.
5076	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Choice definition D.
5077	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Type definition D.
5078	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Cell definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
5079	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Many definition D.
5080	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Almost definition D.
5081	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
5082	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Party definition D.
5083	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Sort definition D.
5084	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Floor definition D.
5085	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Almost definition D.
5086	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
5087	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: For definition D.
5088	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Already definition D.
5089	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Staff definition D.
5090	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: College definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: House definition D.
5091	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Though definition D.
5092	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Use definition D.
5093	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Apply definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Threat definition D.
5094	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hard definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: New definition D.
5095	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
5096	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Follow definition D.
5097	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Financial definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: Young definition D.
5098	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Large definition B. C: We definition C. D: Single definition D.
5099	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Tv definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Truth definition D.
5100	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Floor definition D.
5101	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Whose definition D.
5102	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Best definition D.
5103	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: A definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Piece definition D.
5104	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Operation definition D.
5105	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Increase definition D.
5106	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Write definition C. D: About definition D.
5107	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Tv definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Final definition D.
5108	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Drug definition C. D: Understand definition D.
5109	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Size definition D.
5110	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Visit definition D.
5111	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: List definition D.
5112	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Week definition C. D: Statement definition D.
5113	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Audience definition D.
5114	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Sound definition D.
5115	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: We definition D.
5116	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
5117	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Only definition D.
5118	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Station definition D.
5119	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: First definition B. C: Reflect definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
5120	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Education definition D.
5121	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: Answer definition D.
5122	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Himself definition D.
5123	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Game definition D.
5124	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Likely definition C. D: Big definition D.
5125	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Less definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
5126	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: System definition D.
5127	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Media definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Book definition D.
5128	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Feeling definition C. D: Writer definition D.
5129	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Worker definition D.
5130	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
5131	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Key definition D.
5132	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Task definition D.
5133	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
5134	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Born definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Ever definition C. D: Offer definition D.
5135	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Situation definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Attack definition D.
5136	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Group definition D.
5137	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Should definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Head definition D.
5138	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Staff definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Go definition D.
5139	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Force definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Save definition D.
5140	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Treat definition B. C: Reduce definition C. D: Yard definition D.
5141	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: End definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Summer definition D.
5142	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Argue definition D.
5143	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Likely definition D.
5144	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Month definition D.
5145	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: But definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Talk definition D.
5146	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Thought definition D.
5147	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Wear definition D.
5148	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Place definition B. C: State definition C. D: Church definition D.
5149	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Up definition D.
5150	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Up definition D.
5151	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Unit definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Identify definition D.
5152	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: House definition A. B: Wife definition B. C: End definition C. D: Build definition D.
5153	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Those definition D.
5154	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Even definition B. C: For definition C. D: Local definition D.
5155	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Capital definition D.
5156	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: They definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
5157	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Which definition D.
5158	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Similar definition D.
5159	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Culture definition B. C: People definition C. D: You definition D.
5160	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Window definition C. D: Would definition D.
5161	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Adult definition D.
5162	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: I definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Agree definition D.
5163	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Despite definition D.
5164	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Score definition C. D: Health definition D.
5165	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Trip definition D.
5166	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
5167	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: War definition D.
5168	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
5169	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Term definition D.
5170	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Order definition D.
5171	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
5172	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Born definition D.
5173	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Story definition D.
5174	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: Everything definition D.
5175	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Century definition D.
5176	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Prove definition D.
5177	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Community definition B. C: According definition C. D: Speech definition D.
5178	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: City definition C. D: Kid definition D.
5179	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Glass definition D.
5180	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Later definition D.
5181	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Medical definition D.
5182	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: College definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Shake definition D.
5183	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Body definition C. D: President definition D.
5184	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Piece definition D.
5185	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Hear definition D.
5186	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: World definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Paper definition D.
5187	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: In definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Cold definition D.
5188	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Mind definition D.
5189	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Building definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Spring definition D.
5190	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Our definition D.
5191	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Occur definition D.
5192	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Least definition C. D: Just definition D.
5193	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Serious definition D.
5194	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Military definition D.
5195	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Front definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Fund definition D.
5196	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Green definition C. D: Receive definition D.
5197	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Second definition D.
5198	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Summer definition D.
5199	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Sing definition D.
5200	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Measure definition D.
5201	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Your definition D.
5202	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
5203	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Send definition D.
5204	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Than definition C. D: If definition D.
5205	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: After definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
5206	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Fine definition D.
5207	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: But definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Production definition D.
5208	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Serve definition D.
5209	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
5210	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Store definition D.
5211	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: More definition C. D: Easy definition D.
5212	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Go definition D.
5213	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Set definition D.
5214	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: College definition D.
5215	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Make definition D.
5216	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Machine definition D.
5217	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Cut definition D.
5218	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Probably definition D.
5219	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Evening definition C. D: Decade definition D.
5220	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Sister definition D.
5221	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Force definition D.
5222	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Law definition B. C: American definition C. D: Ball definition D.
5223	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Chair definition D.
5224	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Ask definition D.
5225	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Ever definition C. D: Site definition D.
5226	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Run definition D.
5227	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Say definition D.
5228	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Nation definition D.
5229	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Especially definition D.
5230	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Others definition D.
5231	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Federal definition D.
5232	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: Peace definition D.
5233	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Price definition D.
5234	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Hear definition D.
5235	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Team definition D.
5236	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
5237	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Thus definition D.
5238	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: General definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
5239	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: News definition B. C: Could definition C. D: About definition D.
5240	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Education definition C. D: Expert definition D.
5241	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: During definition C. D: Simple definition D.
5242	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Remember definition D.
5243	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: Fast definition D.
5244	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Ever definition D.
5245	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Support definition D.
5246	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: What definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Car definition D.
5247	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Ground definition D.
5248	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: War definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Accept definition D.
5249	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Just definition D.
5250	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Note definition D.
5251	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: Top definition D.
5252	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Fall definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Add definition D.
5253	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Go definition D.
5254	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Head definition B. C: Study definition C. D: His definition D.
5255	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Man definition D.
5256	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Federal definition D.
5257	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: They definition B. C: If definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
5258	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Grow definition D.
5259	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
5260	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: World definition D.
5261	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Wall definition D.
5262	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Recently definition D.
5263	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Actually definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Nice definition D.
5264	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Memory definition D.
5265	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Interest definition D.
5266	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Person definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Century definition D.
5267	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Recently definition D.
5268	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
5269	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Economy definition D.
5270	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Step definition B. C: College definition C. D: Kind definition D.
5271	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Carry definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
5272	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Step definition D.
5273	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effort definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
5274	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Threat definition D.
5275	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Black definition D.
5276	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Have definition D.
5277	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Brother definition D.
5278	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Entire definition D.
5279	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Time definition D.
5280	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Management definition D.
5281	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Voice definition D.
5282	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Safe definition D.
5283	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Add definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Include definition D.
5284	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: From definition C. D: Plant definition D.
5285	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
5286	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Son definition D.
5287	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Act definition C. D: Meet definition D.
5288	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Answer definition D.
5289	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Different definition C. D: We definition D.
5290	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Music definition D.
5291	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: State definition C. D: Western definition D.
5292	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Gun definition D.
5293	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Life definition D.
5294	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Win definition D.
5295	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Million definition C. D: His definition D.
5296	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
5297	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: My definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Drive definition D.
5298	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Professor definition D.
5299	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Marriage definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Them definition D.
5300	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Result definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Important definition D.
5301	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Age definition D.
5302	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: School definition D.
5303	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Attack definition B. C: Ever definition C. D: Term definition D.
5304	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Two definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Player definition D.
5305	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ground definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Together definition D.
5306	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thought definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Even definition D.
5307	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Main definition D.
5308	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
5309	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Always definition D.
5310	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Education definition D.
5311	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Community definition B. C: A definition C. D: World definition D.
5312	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Do definition D.
5313	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Why definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
5314	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Set definition D.
5315	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Hour definition D.
5316	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
5317	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Theory definition C. D: With definition D.
5318	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: At definition C. D: Second definition D.
5319	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Back definition D.
5320	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Not definition D.
5321	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: On definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Chair definition D.
5322	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Live definition D.
5323	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Military definition D.
5324	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Through definition D.
5325	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Happen definition D.
5326	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Skill definition D.
5327	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: There definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Teach definition D.
5328	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Cell definition D.
5329	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Win definition A. B: Bag definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Dream definition D.
5330	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Career definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Risk definition D.
5331	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
5332	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Amount definition D.
5333	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Plant definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: Staff definition D.
5334	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Wish definition D.
5335	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: One definition D.
5336	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Past definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Thought definition D.
5337	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Word definition D.
5338	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Four definition C. D: More definition D.
5339	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Quality definition D.
5340	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Tough definition D.
5341	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Thing definition D.
5342	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Idea definition D.
5343	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Cut definition D.
5344	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Simply definition D.
5345	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: Return definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: The definition D.
5346	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Child definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
5347	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Great definition D.
5348	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: American definition C. D: Movement definition D.
5349	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Ball definition D.
5350	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Cost definition D.
5351	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: West definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: Skill definition D.
5352	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Contain definition D.
5353	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Guy definition D.
5354	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Sister definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Bag definition D.
5355	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Couple definition D.
5356	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Growth definition D.
5357	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
5358	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: Start definition D.
5359	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Effect definition D.
5360	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Article definition D.
5361	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Skin definition D.
5362	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Job definition D.
5363	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Opportunity definition B. C: At definition C. D: Care definition D.
5364	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Forget definition D.
5365	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Some definition C. D: Performance definition D.
5366	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Door definition D.
5367	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Top definition C. D: Behind definition D.
5368	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Course definition C. D: Move definition D.
5369	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: View definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Defense definition D.
5370	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Team definition C. D: You definition D.
5371	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Thing definition D.
5372	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Various definition D.
5373	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: When definition C. D: Interview definition D.
5374	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Yard definition D.
5375	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: We definition C. D: Night definition D.
5376	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: What definition D.
5377	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Type definition D.
5378	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Across definition D.
5379	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Painting definition D.
5380	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Possible definition D.
5381	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Same definition C. D: According definition D.
5382	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Down definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Power definition D.
5383	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Something definition C. D: Mention definition D.
5384	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ground definition A. B: Child definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
5385	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Agency definition D.
5386	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: More definition D.
5387	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Lead definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Fall definition D.
5388	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Store definition D.
5389	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Out definition D.
5390	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Usually definition D.
5391	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dog definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Determine definition D.
5392	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Fact definition D.
5393	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Fill definition D.
5394	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Second definition D.
5395	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Assume definition D.
5396	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: By definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Receive definition D.
5397	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Culture definition D.
5398	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
5399	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Reduce definition C. D: Program definition D.
5400	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Record definition D.
5401	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Spend definition D.
5402	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: American definition C. D: Land definition D.
5403	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Modern definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Forward definition D.
5404	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Building definition B. C: New definition C. D: Level definition D.
5405	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hope definition A. B: Near definition B. C: And definition C. D: Voice definition D.
5406	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pass definition A. B: Exactly definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Near definition D.
5407	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Create definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Develop definition D.
5408	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
5409	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
5410	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
5411	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: Former definition D.
5412	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
5413	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: Assume definition C. D: Item definition D.
5414	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Raise definition D.
5415	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: House definition B. C: Guy definition C. D: Another definition D.
5416	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: End definition D.
5417	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Owner definition D.
5418	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Now definition D.
5419	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Source definition D.
5420	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Interview definition D.
5421	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: There definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: American definition D.
5422	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Feel definition D.
5423	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Attention definition D.
5424	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: See definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Another definition D.
5425	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: The definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Evening definition D.
5426	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Myself definition D.
5427	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: Generation definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Cell definition D.
5428	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Industry definition D.
5429	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Year definition D.
5430	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Pay definition D.
5431	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: Court definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Thus definition D.
5432	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Doctor definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Movie definition D.
5433	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: After definition C. D: Receive definition D.
5434	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: East definition B. C: Forget definition C. D: Your definition D.
5435	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: These definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Too definition D.
5436	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Air definition D.
5437	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: During definition C. D: Security definition D.
5438	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Animal definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Thus definition D.
5439	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Red definition D.
5440	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Cause definition D.
5441	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Our definition D.
5442	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Crime definition D.
5443	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Effort definition D.
5444	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Control definition D.
5445	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Against definition D.
5446	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: South definition D.
5447	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Range definition D.
5448	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Today definition B. C: When definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
5449	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Science definition C. D: System definition D.
5450	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Fill definition D.
5451	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Improve definition C. D: Never definition D.
5452	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: First definition B. C: System definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
5453	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Career definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Eat definition D.
5454	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Series definition D.
5455	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
5456	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Treat definition D.
5457	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Institution definition D.
5458	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Well definition B. C: Son definition C. D: Subject definition D.
5459	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Thought definition D.
5460	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Rest definition D.
5461	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: True definition C. D: Explain definition D.
5462	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Very definition D.
5463	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Edge definition D.
5464	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Magazine definition D.
5465	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Other definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
5466	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Mind definition D.
5467	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Once definition D.
5468	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
5469	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Late definition D.
5470	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Small definition D.
5471	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: By definition C. D: Visit definition D.
5472	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Trial definition D.
5473	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
5474	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
5475	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Rest definition D.
5476	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: During definition D.
5477	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
5478	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Argue definition D.
5479	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: The definition C. D: Police definition D.
5480	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Staff definition D.
5481	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Everything definition D.
5482	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
5483	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: Return definition C. D: President definition D.
5484	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Along definition D.
5485	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Speech definition D.
5486	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Star definition D.
5487	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: May definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
5488	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Whom definition D.
5489	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Card definition C. D: Watch definition D.
5490	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Fine definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Tax definition D.
5491	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Smile definition D.
5492	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Court definition C. D: Boy definition D.
5493	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Personal definition D.
5494	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Edge definition D.
5495	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Special definition C. D: One definition D.
5496	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
5497	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Approach definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
5498	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Task definition D.
5499	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Upon definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: White definition D.
5500	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: For definition C. D: Son definition D.
5501	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
5502	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Product definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
5503	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: In definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Seek definition D.
5504	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Kind definition D.
5505	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Sound definition D.
5506	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: General definition B. C: The definition C. D: Career definition D.
5507	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Town definition D.
5508	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Yet definition D.
5509	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Condition definition D.
5510	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Produce definition D.
5511	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Executive definition D.
5512	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Network definition D.
5513	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Leave definition D.
5514	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Establish definition D.
5515	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Enough definition D.
5516	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Others definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Ability definition D.
5517	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Bill definition D.
5518	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Happen definition D.
5519	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: House definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Something definition D.
5520	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Group definition D.
5521	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: What definition D.
5522	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Total definition B. C: House definition C. D: Throw definition D.
5523	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Understand definition D.
5524	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Fear definition D.
5525	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Long definition D.
5526	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Today definition D.
5527	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Join definition D.
5528	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Leave definition D.
5529	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Increase definition D.
5530	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: City definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Economy definition D.
5531	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Community definition D.
5532	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Wall definition D.
5533	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Effect definition D.
5534	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Per definition D.
5535	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: What definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Great definition D.
5536	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: He definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Mean definition D.
5537	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Culture definition D.
5538	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Figure definition C. D: If definition D.
5539	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
5540	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
5541	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: About definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Politics definition D.
5542	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Fill definition D.
5543	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Toward definition D.
5544	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: System definition C. D: Per definition D.
5545	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: As definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: Floor definition D.
5546	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Success definition D.
5547	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: History definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Include definition D.
5548	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: City definition C. D: Field definition D.
5549	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
5550	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Large definition D.
5551	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: School definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Who definition D.
5552	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Case definition D.
5553	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Allow definition D.
5554	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Attention definition D.
5555	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Wind definition D.
5556	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: And definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Attention definition D.
5557	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: Main definition D.
5558	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Top definition C. D: Strong definition D.
5559	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: All definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Little definition D.
5560	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: International definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
5561	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: See definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Her definition D.
5562	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Together definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Dream definition D.
5563	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Really definition D.
5564	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: World definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Save definition D.
5565	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: His definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
5566	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Investment definition D.
5567	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Condition definition D.
5568	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Local definition D.
5569	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Without definition D.
5570	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Color definition D.
5571	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Value definition D.
5572	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Chair definition D.
5573	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Really definition D.
5574	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Red definition C. D: Than definition D.
5575	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Reach definition C. D: Man definition D.
5576	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Resource definition D.
5577	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Sort definition D.
5578	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
5579	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Group definition D.
5580	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: It definition C. D: Statement definition D.
5581	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Security definition D.
5582	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: East definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Couple definition D.
5583	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Hit definition C. D: Spend definition D.
5584	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
5585	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Miss definition C. D: Big definition D.
5586	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
5587	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: Operation definition D.
5588	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Reflect definition D.
5589	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: Television definition D.
5590	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Development definition D.
5591	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: These definition B. C: Alone definition C. D: Lose definition D.
5592	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Find definition D.
5593	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: School definition D.
5594	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Good definition D.
5595	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Action definition D.
5596	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
5597	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Government definition D.
5598	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Worker definition D.
5599	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Thing definition D.
5600	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: So definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Season definition D.
5601	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Subject definition D.
5602	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
5603	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: So definition D.
5604	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Together definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: View definition C. D: Scene definition D.
5605	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Character definition D.
5606	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
5607	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: All definition C. D: Effort definition D.
5608	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Body definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: System definition D.
5609	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Past definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Senior definition D.
5610	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: Edge definition D.
5611	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Chair definition D.
5612	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Other definition D.
5613	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Thought definition D.
5614	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Blood definition D.
5615	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Spend definition D.
5616	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Result definition D.
5617	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
5618	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Point definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Hair definition D.
5619	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: House definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Expect definition D.
5620	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Financial definition D.
5621	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
5622	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Option definition C. D: People definition D.
5623	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Writer definition D.
5624	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Far definition D.
5625	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Network definition D.
5626	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Democrat definition D.
5627	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Become definition D.
5628	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Black definition B. C: National definition C. D: Course definition D.
5629	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Make definition D.
5630	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Concern definition D.
5631	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Service definition D.
5632	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: There definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Shake definition D.
5633	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: End definition D.
5634	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Study definition D.
5635	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Short definition C. D: So definition D.
5636	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Her definition D.
5637	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Friend definition D.
5638	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Two definition B. C: Important definition C. D: Left definition D.
5639	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Enough definition D.
5640	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Young definition D.
5641	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Speak definition D.
5642	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: At definition D.
5643	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Short definition D.
5644	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Half definition D.
5645	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Son definition D.
5646	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Person definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
5647	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: By definition C. D: Happen definition D.
5648	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Single definition D.
5649	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Occur definition B. C: System definition C. D: Also definition D.
5650	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Side definition C. D: Budget definition D.
5651	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Set definition D.
5652	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Floor definition C. D: Itself definition D.
5653	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Which definition D.
5654	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Research definition B. C: White definition C. D: Major definition D.
5655	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Owner definition D.
5656	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Card definition C. D: Sea definition D.
5657	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dinner definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Question definition C. D: Red definition D.
5658	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Care definition D.
5659	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Offer definition D.
5660	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: General definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: To definition D.
5661	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Money definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
5662	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Bag definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: People definition D.
5663	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: You definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Nature definition D.
5664	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Budget definition D.
5665	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Expert definition D.
5666	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: Election definition D.
5667	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Majority definition D.
5668	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Record definition D.
5669	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
5670	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Billion definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Put definition D.
5671	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: What definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
5672	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Heart definition D.
5673	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
5674	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: You definition C. D: Feel definition D.
5675	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: The definition C. D: Finish definition D.
5676	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Religious definition D.
5677	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Time definition B. C: At definition C. D: Western definition D.
5678	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Book definition D.
5679	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Cause definition D.
5680	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Measure definition D.
5681	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Safe definition D.
5682	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Between definition D.
5683	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Next definition C. D: Hand definition D.
5684	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Good definition D.
5685	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Analysis definition D.
5686	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Attention definition D.
5687	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Act definition D.
5688	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Side definition C. D: Report definition D.
5689	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Fly definition D.
5690	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: News definition A. B: Home definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Participant definition D.
5691	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Son definition C. D: Book definition D.
5692	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Describe definition D.
5693	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Form definition D.
5694	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Down definition C. D: Bill definition D.
5695	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Wait definition D.
5696	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Short definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Unit definition D.
5697	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Never definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Right definition D.
5698	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Set definition C. D: He definition D.
5699	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Form definition D.
5700	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Value definition D.
5701	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Congress definition D.
5702	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Gun definition C. D: Body definition D.
5703	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Amount definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Artist definition D.
5704	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hard definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Capital definition D.
5705	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
5706	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lawyer definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Listen definition D.
5707	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: One definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Pm definition D.
5708	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: The definition C. D: Heart definition D.
5709	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: State definition D.
5710	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Center definition D.
5711	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
5712	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: In definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Hard definition D.
5713	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Let definition D.
5714	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Cell definition C. D: Public definition D.
5715	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
5716	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Friend definition C. D: House definition D.
5717	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: In definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Energy definition D.
5718	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
5719	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Sister definition D.
5720	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Ever definition D.
5721	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Foot definition D.
5722	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Direction definition D.
5723	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thought definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Recent definition D.
5724	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: A definition C. D: Across definition D.
5725	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: First definition D.
5726	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Evening definition B. C: Every definition C. D: A definition D.
5727	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
5728	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: View definition D.
5729	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Stand definition D.
5730	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
5731	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
5732	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Likely definition C. D: Radio definition D.
5733	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Trade definition D.
5734	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Community definition D.
5735	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: These definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Field definition D.
5736	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Yet definition D.
5737	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: City definition D.
5738	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Remain definition D.
5739	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: Be definition D.
5740	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Race definition D.
5741	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Once definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Between definition D.
5742	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Drug definition D.
5743	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Improve definition D.
5744	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Specific definition D.
5745	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Around definition D.
5746	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: You definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Decision definition D.
5747	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Near definition D.
5748	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Very definition D.
5749	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Alone definition D.
5750	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
5751	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Card definition D.
5752	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Church definition C. D: So definition D.
5753	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Better definition D.
5754	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Police definition A. B: More definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Speech definition D.
5755	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Team definition D.
5756	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: According definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Against definition D.
5757	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Security definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Bring definition D.
5758	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Energy definition D.
5759	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Government definition D.
5760	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Room definition D.
5761	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Leg definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Stay definition D.
5762	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Despite definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Reflect definition D.
5763	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Two definition D.
5764	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Way definition D.
5765	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Authority definition D.
5766	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
5767	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Late definition D.
5768	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: North definition D.
5769	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Man definition D.
5770	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Staff definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: Here definition D.
5771	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: They definition D.
5772	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Director definition B. C: He definition C. D: Cold definition D.
5773	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Next definition D.
5774	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Factor definition D.
5775	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Source definition D.
5776	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Break definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Son definition D.
5777	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Year definition C. D: Would definition D.
5778	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Tax definition D.
5779	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
5780	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Choice definition D.
5781	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: In definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Their definition D.
5782	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Set definition D.
5783	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Political definition C. D: What definition D.
5784	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Media definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Political definition D.
5785	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
5786	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Place definition D.
5787	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Compare definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Action definition C. D: Factor definition D.
5788	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Stay definition D.
5789	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Inside definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Both definition D.
5790	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Culture definition B. C: List definition C. D: Customer definition D.
5791	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Help definition D.
5792	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Could definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Senior definition D.
5793	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Trip definition D.
5794	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Change definition B. C: Year definition C. D: Marriage definition D.
5795	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
5796	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Line definition C. D: All definition D.
5797	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Majority definition D.
5798	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Sing definition D.
5799	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Matter definition D.
5800	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Interest definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Management definition D.
5801	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Learn definition D.
5802	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Left definition C. D: These definition D.
5803	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Statement definition D.
5804	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Leader definition D.
5805	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Human definition D.
5806	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: What definition C. D: Huge definition D.
5807	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Accept definition D.
5808	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Free definition C. D: Successful definition D.
5809	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Room definition D.
5810	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Would definition C. D: Process definition D.
5811	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Kind definition D.
5812	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Unit definition D.
5813	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: We definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Race definition D.
5814	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
5815	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Important definition D.
5816	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fire definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: To definition D.
5817	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Unit definition D.
5818	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Clear definition D.
5819	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Green definition B. C: True definition C. D: Decision definition D.
5820	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Reach definition D.
5821	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Difference definition D.
5822	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Result definition B. C: May definition C. D: Environment definition D.
5823	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Toward definition D.
5824	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Forward definition D.
5825	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Through definition D.
5826	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Decade definition D.
5827	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
5828	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Common definition D.
5829	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Go definition D.
5830	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Approach definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: During definition C. D: Air definition D.
5831	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
5832	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Economy definition D.
5833	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
5834	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Actually definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Provide definition D.
5835	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Which definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
5836	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seem definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Entire definition D.
5837	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Like definition D.
5838	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Seat definition D.
5839	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Herself definition D.
5840	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Small definition D.
5841	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Population definition B. C: How definition C. D: Best definition D.
5842	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Style definition D.
5843	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Situation definition D.
5844	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Seek definition C. D: Happy definition D.
5845	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Manage definition C. D: Though definition D.
5846	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Board definition B. C: People definition C. D: Like definition D.
5847	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Civil definition D.
5848	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Their definition D.
5849	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Outside definition D.
5850	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: House definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Will definition D.
5851	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Especially definition C. D: Expect definition D.
5852	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: According definition D.
5853	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Just definition D.
5854	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Surface definition D.
5855	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Environment definition D.
5856	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: News definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Religious definition D.
5857	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Positive definition D.
5858	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: These definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Bring definition D.
5859	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Should definition D.
5860	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Challenge definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Student definition D.
5861	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Send definition B. C: For definition C. D: Company definition D.
5862	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Compare definition D.
5863	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Cut definition D.
5864	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
5865	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Determine definition D.
5866	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Not definition D.
5867	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Case definition B. C: For definition C. D: Spend definition D.
5868	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seat definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Office definition D.
5869	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Take definition C. D: Focus definition D.
5870	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Option definition D.
5871	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Say definition D.
5872	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Guy definition D.
5873	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Teach definition D.
5874	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Peace definition D.
5875	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: In definition D.
5876	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: Explain definition D.
5877	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Response definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Six definition D.
5878	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
5879	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Explain definition D.
5880	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Son definition D.
5881	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Camera definition D.
5882	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Remember definition D.
5883	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Artist definition D.
5884	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Quite definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
5885	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Thank definition D.
5886	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Middle definition D.
5887	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Culture definition D.
5888	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: Able definition D.
5889	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Outside definition D.
5890	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: View definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Nice definition D.
5891	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Hear definition D.
5892	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Involve definition D.
5893	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: High definition B. C: Building definition C. D: With definition D.
5894	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Probably definition D.
5895	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: Performance definition C. D: Especially definition D.
5896	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Already definition D.
5897	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: South definition D.
5898	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Too definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Then definition D.
5899	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Company definition D.
5900	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Thank definition D.
5901	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: My definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Up definition D.
5902	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Policy definition D.
5903	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Test definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Sound definition D.
5904	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: During definition C. D: Conference definition D.
5905	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
5906	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Teach definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Wife definition D.
5907	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Party definition B. C: East definition C. D: Up definition D.
5908	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Forward definition D.
5909	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Old definition D.
5910	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Time definition D.
5911	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
5912	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Little definition D.
5913	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Inside definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Protect definition D.
5914	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Catch definition D.
5915	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Material definition D.
5916	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Economy definition D.
5917	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
5918	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Hand definition D.
5919	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Protect definition D.
5920	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Skill definition D.
5921	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Information definition D.
5922	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: While definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Hit definition D.
5923	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Ball definition B. C: General definition C. D: Career definition D.
5924	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Against definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Conference definition D.
5925	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Show definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Bit definition D.
5926	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Matter definition D.
5927	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Miss definition D.
5928	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Vote definition D.
5929	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Head definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Decision definition D.
5930	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Development definition C. D: World definition D.
5931	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Purpose definition B. C: Police definition C. D: All definition D.
5932	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Note definition D.
5933	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Water definition C. D: These definition D.
5934	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
5935	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Into definition D.
5936	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Region definition D.
5937	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Floor definition D.
5938	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Center definition D.
5939	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: East definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Sea definition D.
5940	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Body definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Red definition C. D: Information definition D.
5941	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: What definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Happy definition D.
5942	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Light definition D.
5943	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Final definition D.
5944	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Purpose definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Century definition D.
5945	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Other definition D.
5946	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Late definition D.
5947	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Performance definition D.
5948	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Bring definition D.
5949	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
5950	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Feel definition D.
5951	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: New definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Education definition D.
5952	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Rule definition D.
5953	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Fly definition D.
5954	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Dog definition D.
5955	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Go definition D.
5956	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Concern definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
5957	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Institution definition D.
5958	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Possible definition D.
5959	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Left definition D.
5960	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Oil definition D.
5961	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Build definition D.
5962	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: In definition D.
5963	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Education definition D.
5964	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: College definition C. D: Top definition D.
5965	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Generation definition D.
5966	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Brother definition C. D: Data definition D.
5967	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Series definition C. D: People definition D.
5968	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Especially definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
5969	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Hope definition D.
5970	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Kid definition D.
5971	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Move definition D.
5972	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Like definition D.
5973	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Stop definition D.
5974	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
5975	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Common definition C. D: Culture definition D.
5976	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
5977	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
5978	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Serve definition D.
5979	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: My definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Sing definition D.
5980	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Still definition D.
5981	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: After definition D.
5982	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Smile definition D.
5983	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Development definition D.
5984	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Street definition D.
5985	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: He definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
5986	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Sort definition D.
5987	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Government definition D.
5988	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: End definition B. C: Road definition C. D: Window definition D.
5989	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Do definition D.
5990	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: West definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Small definition D.
5991	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Wish definition D.
5992	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Financial definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Large definition D.
5993	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Thing definition D.
5994	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Across definition D.
5995	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Term definition D.
5996	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
5997	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Door definition D.
5998	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Again definition D.
5999	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: List definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Must definition D.
6000	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Politics definition D.
6001	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Stock definition D.
6002	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Least definition D.
6003	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Gas definition D.
6004	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Former definition D.
6005	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tell definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Look definition D.
6006	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Physical definition D.
6007	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: News definition D.
6008	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Away definition D.
6009	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Himself definition D.
6010	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Forward definition D.
6011	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Visit definition D.
6012	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
6013	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
6014	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: North definition C. D: Score definition D.
6015	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attention definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Such definition D.
6016	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: To definition C. D: Early definition D.
6017	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Quite definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Present definition D.
6018	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Against definition D.
6019	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Measure definition D.
6020	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Time definition D.
6021	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Water definition D.
6022	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Call definition D.
6023	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Morning definition D.
6024	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Yard definition D.
6025	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Role definition D.
6026	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Either definition A. B: A definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Range definition D.
6027	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Effort definition D.
6028	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Support definition D.
6029	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Half definition D.
6030	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Difference definition D.
6031	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
6032	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Do definition D.
6033	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: Carry definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Military definition D.
6034	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Have definition D.
6035	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Two definition D.
6036	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
6037	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Either definition A. B: About definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
6038	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Theory definition C. D: Course definition D.
6039	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
6040	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Drug definition C. D: Admit definition D.
6041	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Home definition D.
6042	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Old definition D.
6043	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Huge definition D.
6044	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Budget definition D.
6045	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
6046	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Religious definition D.
6047	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Amount definition D.
6048	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Term definition D.
6049	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Return definition D.
6050	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
6051	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Blood definition D.
6052	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
6053	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Parent definition D.
6054	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Must definition D.
6055	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Could definition A. B: Against definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Only definition D.
6056	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Drug definition D.
6057	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: May definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Million definition D.
6058	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Already definition D.
6059	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: My definition B. C: They definition C. D: Job definition D.
6060	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Activity definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Town definition D.
6061	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Alone definition C. D: Tend definition D.
6062	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
6063	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Truth definition D.
6064	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Smile definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Management definition D.
6065	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Political definition B. C: East definition C. D: Machine definition D.
6066	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: None definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Third definition D.
6067	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Form definition C. D: My definition D.
6068	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throw definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Professional definition D.
6069	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Whether definition D.
6070	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Discover definition D.
6071	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Art definition D.
6072	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Couple definition D.
6073	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
6074	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Likely definition C. D: Then definition D.
6075	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Treatment definition D.
6076	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Accept definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Risk definition D.
6077	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Likely definition D.
6078	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Hour definition D.
6079	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: General definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Manager definition D.
6080	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Consider definition D.
6081	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Crime definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Idea definition D.
6082	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Computer definition C. D: Rest definition D.
6083	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: These definition C. D: Either definition D.
6084	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Drug definition D.
6085	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Claim definition D.
6086	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
6087	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Significant definition D.
6088	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Culture definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Enough definition D.
6089	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Whether definition D.
6090	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Hour definition D.
6091	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Result definition D.
6092	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Down definition D.
6093	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Life definition D.
6094	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Bit definition D.
6095	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Southern definition D.
6096	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Seek definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Name definition D.
6097	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Time definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Put definition D.
6098	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: People definition D.
6099	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: I definition D.
6100	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Walk definition D.
6101	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Season definition D.
6102	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Money definition C. D: Then definition D.
6103	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Performance definition D.
6104	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Matter definition D.
6105	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Inside definition D.
6106	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soon definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Plan definition D.
6107	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: House definition C. D: Community definition D.
6108	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: They definition B. C: No definition C. D: Either definition D.
6109	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: American definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Face definition D.
6110	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Than definition C. D: At definition D.
6111	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Item definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Effort definition D.
6112	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Along definition D.
6113	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Raise definition D.
6114	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Tree definition D.
6115	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Find definition C. D: Adult definition D.
6116	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: He definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
6117	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Old definition D.
6118	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Strong definition D.
6119	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Include definition C. D: The definition D.
6120	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Show definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Blue definition D.
6121	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Operation definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: It definition C. D: Plan definition D.
6122	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Side definition B. C: None definition C. D: Popular definition D.
6123	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: On definition C. D: Civil definition D.
6124	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: People definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
6125	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Organization definition D.
6126	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: General definition C. D: Help definition D.
6127	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Body definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Rest definition D.
6128	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Long definition D.
6129	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Physical definition D.
6130	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Fine definition D.
6131	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Day definition D.
6132	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Church definition D.
6133	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Price definition D.
6134	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Question definition B. C: For definition C. D: She definition D.
6135	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Different definition D.
6136	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: In definition D.
6137	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seat definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Act definition C. D: Manager definition D.
6138	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Like definition D.
6139	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: Population definition B. C: West definition C. D: Walk definition D.
6140	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Section definition D.
6141	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Style definition D.
6142	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Above definition D.
6143	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Miss definition D.
6144	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
6145	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Toward definition D.
6146	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Degree definition D.
6147	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Myself definition D.
6148	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Production definition D.
6149	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Ever definition D.
6150	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Most definition B. C: We definition C. D: Require definition D.
6151	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: East definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Congress definition D.
6152	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: High definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: There definition D.
6153	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: State definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Plant definition D.
6154	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Former definition C. D: College definition D.
6155	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Whose definition D.
6156	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Cost definition D.
6157	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Account definition C. D: New definition D.
6158	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Agree definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
6159	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Rock definition D.
6160	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Next definition C. D: Hair definition D.
6161	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Likely definition D.
6162	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Season definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Must definition D.
6163	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Song definition D.
6164	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Raise definition C. D: Read definition D.
6165	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
6166	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Physical definition D.
6167	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Like definition D.
6168	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Accept definition D.
6169	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: School definition C. D: Whole definition D.
6170	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Either definition D.
6171	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Space definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Bad definition D.
6172	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Daughter definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Glass definition D.
6173	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Threat definition D.
6174	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Hit definition D.
6175	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Fight definition D.
6176	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Before definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Long definition D.
6177	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Explain definition D.
6178	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Movement definition D.
6179	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Free definition D.
6180	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Sound definition D.
6181	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Action definition D.
6182	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Executive definition D.
6183	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: News definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Player definition D.
6184	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: History definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Season definition D.
6185	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Television definition D.
6186	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Change definition D.
6187	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Parent definition D.
6188	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Usually definition D.
6189	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Through definition D.
6190	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: If definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: How definition D.
6191	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Standard definition D.
6192	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Effect definition D.
6193	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Simple definition D.
6194	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Police definition B. C: What definition C. D: Let definition D.
6195	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Money definition D.
6196	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Agent definition D.
6197	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
6198	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Law definition C. D: Three definition D.
6199	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
6200	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Least definition C. D: Drug definition D.
6201	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Side definition D.
6202	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Traditional definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Production definition D.
6203	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: North definition B. C: School definition C. D: Face definition D.
6204	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Under definition D.
6205	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Together definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Run definition D.
6206	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Material definition D.
6207	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Begin definition D.
6208	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Box definition B. C: In definition C. D: Morning definition D.
6209	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Who definition D.
6210	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Still definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Off definition C. D: Finish definition D.
6211	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Animal definition D.
6212	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Great definition D.
6213	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Whose definition D.
6214	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Performance definition D.
6215	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
6216	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Of definition D.
6217	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
6218	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Everything definition D.
6219	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Sport definition D.
6220	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: General definition D.
6221	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Live definition B. C: He definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
6222	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Natural definition D.
6223	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: She definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Bill definition D.
6224	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: Figure definition D.
6225	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Government definition D.
6226	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: One definition D.
6227	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Even definition D.
6228	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Action definition D.
6229	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Movement definition D.
6230	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Bad definition D.
6231	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Trade definition D.
6232	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Part definition D.
6233	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Manage definition C. D: Wife definition D.
6234	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: More definition D.
6235	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Bad definition D.
6236	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Order definition C. D: Notice definition D.
6237	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Still definition D.
6238	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Focus definition D.
6239	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Less definition D.
6240	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Mother definition D.
6241	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Result definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Important definition C. D: Effort definition D.
6242	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Worry definition D.
6243	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
6244	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Change definition D.
6245	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Ever definition D.
6246	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Professor definition D.
6247	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
6248	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: National definition C. D: Best definition D.
6249	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: In definition C. D: Stage definition D.
6250	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Effort definition C. D: Memory definition D.
6251	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Drug definition D.
6252	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Himself definition C. D: Operation definition D.
6253	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Where definition D.
6254	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Where definition D.
6255	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: High definition C. D: Effect definition D.
6256	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: According definition C. D: Together definition D.
6257	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Up definition D.
6258	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Ago definition D.
6259	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Give definition D.
6260	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: American definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
6261	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Writer definition D.
6262	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Bag definition D.
6263	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Box definition D.
6264	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Help definition C. D: I definition D.
6265	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
6266	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Policy definition D.
6267	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sister definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Major definition D.
6268	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Spend definition D.
6269	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Accept definition D.
6270	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Right definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Future definition D.
6271	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Use definition C. D: In definition D.
6272	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Miss definition C. D: Phone definition D.
6273	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Lose definition D.
6274	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Great definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Election definition D.
6275	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Gun definition D.
6276	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Nor definition D.
6277	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Glass definition D.
6278	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Drug definition D.
6279	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: International definition C. D: Now definition D.
6280	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Manage definition C. D: Start definition D.
6281	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: These definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Data definition D.
6282	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Kitchen definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Common definition D.
6283	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: May definition C. D: According definition D.
6284	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Believe definition D.
6285	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: On definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Claim definition D.
6286	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Over definition D.
6287	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Happy definition D.
6288	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Blue definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Out definition D.
6289	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Read definition D.
6290	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Total definition D.
6291	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Behavior definition C. D: Several definition D.
6292	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
6293	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Language definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Stock definition D.
6294	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Call definition B. C: General definition C. D: Ground definition D.
6295	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Population definition D.
6296	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Money definition C. D: On definition D.
6297	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: Action definition C. D: Even definition D.
6298	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Degree definition D.
6299	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Bad definition D.
6300	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Language definition D.
6301	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Near definition C. D: View definition D.
6302	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Culture definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Myself definition D.
6303	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: People definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Wish definition D.
6304	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Easy definition D.
6305	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
6306	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: No definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Nearly definition D.
6307	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Senior definition D.
6308	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: National definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: Less definition D.
6309	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Entire definition C. D: Performance definition D.
6310	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Share definition D.
6311	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: According definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Get definition D.
6312	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Various definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Trip definition D.
6313	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Visit definition D.
6314	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tonight definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Prove definition D.
6315	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Across definition C. D: He definition D.
6316	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seat definition A. B: He definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Board definition D.
6317	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Position definition C. D: Hair definition D.
6318	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Little definition D.
6319	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: A definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Serious definition D.
6320	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Let definition D.
6321	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Argue definition D.
6322	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Remain definition D.
6323	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Himself definition D.
6324	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Box definition C. D: Child definition D.
6325	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Detail definition D.
6326	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
6327	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Have definition C. D: Something definition D.
6328	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Walk definition D.
6329	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Price definition D.
6330	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Help definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Stop definition D.
6331	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Word definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Cell definition D.
6332	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Opportunity definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Now definition D.
6333	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Opportunity definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: Day definition D.
6334	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Election definition D.
6335	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
6336	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Can definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: News definition D.
6337	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Exist definition C. D: Plant definition D.
6338	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Set definition D.
6339	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Space definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Think definition D.
6340	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Hair definition D.
6341	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
6342	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Before definition A. B: Type definition B. C: Part definition C. D: South definition D.
6343	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Sure definition D.
6344	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Fear definition D.
6345	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Actually definition D.
6346	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Doctor definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Woman definition D.
6347	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
6348	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Condition definition D.
6349	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Trip definition D.
6350	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Box definition D.
6351	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seat definition A. B: Too definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Cover definition D.
6352	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Detail definition D.
6353	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Identify definition D.
6354	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
6355	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Most definition D.
6356	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Professional definition D.
6357	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Participant definition D.
6358	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Room definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Born definition D.
6359	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Itself definition D.
6360	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Hold definition B. C: Detail definition C. D: Have definition D.
6361	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: However definition B. C: Suffer definition C. D: Eye definition D.
6362	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Specific definition D.
6363	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Young definition D.
6364	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: House definition C. D: Minute definition D.
6365	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Food definition D.
6366	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Simply definition D.
6367	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Goal definition D.
6368	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Product definition D.
6369	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Very definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Study definition D.
6370	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Rich definition D.
6371	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Area definition D.
6372	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Exactly definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Accept definition D.
6373	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Return definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Beat definition D.
6374	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: We definition C. D: Minute definition D.
6375	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Speak definition D.
6376	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Safe definition D.
6377	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Tend definition D.
6378	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Way definition D.
6379	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Office definition D.
6380	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: However definition C. D: Visit definition D.
6381	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: President definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Spend definition D.
6382	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Worker definition D.
6383	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Fly definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Turn definition D.
6384	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Decade definition D.
6385	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: True definition C. D: Car definition D.
6386	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: One definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Firm definition D.
6387	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Now definition D.
6388	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: While definition D.
6389	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Democrat definition D.
6390	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Land definition D.
6391	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Five definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Ok definition D.
6392	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Order definition C. D: Husband definition D.
6393	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: War definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Image definition D.
6394	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Success definition D.
6395	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Fill definition D.
6396	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: It definition C. D: Continue definition D.
6397	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Whom definition D.
6398	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Choose definition D.
6399	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Easy definition D.
6400	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Compare definition D.
6401	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Tv definition D.
6402	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Common definition D.
6403	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Debate definition D.
6404	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Training definition D.
6405	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Prove definition D.
6406	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: On definition B. C: Growth definition C. D: Form definition D.
6407	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Add definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Their definition D.
6408	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Difference definition D.
6409	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Approach definition D.
6410	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Help definition B. C: World definition C. D: She definition D.
6411	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
6412	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Court definition D.
6413	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Son definition C. D: Organization definition D.
6414	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Season definition D.
6415	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Door definition D.
6416	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Month definition D.
6417	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Weight definition D.
6418	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Computer definition C. D: Picture definition D.
6419	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Total definition D.
6420	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Remain definition D.
6421	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Fill definition D.
6422	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Close definition C. D: His definition D.
6423	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Sense definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Door definition D.
6424	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: School definition B. C: Or definition C. D: While definition D.
6425	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Man definition D.
6426	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Class definition D.
6427	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Which definition D.
6428	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: There definition C. D: Support definition D.
6429	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Land definition D.
6430	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Police definition D.
6431	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Modern definition A. B: Daughter definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Community definition D.
6432	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Spring definition D.
6433	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Room definition D.
6434	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Resource definition D.
6435	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Entire definition D.
6436	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Past definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: In definition D.
6437	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Whether definition D.
6438	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
6439	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Lay definition D.
6440	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Look definition D.
6441	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Coach definition D.
6442	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Many definition D.
6443	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: How definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Easy definition D.
6444	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
6445	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Mission definition D.
6446	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Along definition B. C: View definition C. D: Play definition D.
6447	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: College definition D.
6448	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Civil definition D.
6449	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Step definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
6450	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: State definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Skill definition D.
6451	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Be definition D.
6452	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Type definition A. B: After definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Clear definition D.
6453	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Two definition D.
6454	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Child definition D.
6455	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Play definition B. C: They definition C. D: Detail definition D.
6456	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
6457	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Over definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Total definition D.
6458	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Alone definition C. D: Reach definition D.
6459	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Impact definition D.
6460	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Program definition D.
6461	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Nation definition D.
6462	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Thus definition D.
6463	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Even definition D.
6464	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Left definition D.
6465	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: No definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Mean definition D.
6466	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
6467	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Into definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Perform definition D.
6468	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: North definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Election definition D.
6469	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Force definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Eye definition C. D: Just definition D.
6470	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: If definition D.
6471	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: North definition D.
6472	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Even definition D.
6473	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: And definition C. D: High definition D.
6474	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: And definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Student definition D.
6475	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: In definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Lead definition D.
6476	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
6477	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Measure definition D.
6478	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Age definition D.
6479	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Something definition D.
6480	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Concern definition D.
6481	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: See definition D.
6482	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Option definition D.
6483	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Sure definition D.
6484	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Feeling definition C. D: Per definition D.
6485	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: My definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Song definition D.
6486	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: So definition C. D: Anyone definition D.
6487	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Possible definition D.
6488	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Act definition C. D: Try definition D.
6489	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: I definition C. D: Such definition D.
6490	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Learn definition D.
6491	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Sell definition D.
6492	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Report definition D.
6493	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: In definition C. D: Seven definition D.
6494	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Would definition C. D: Population definition D.
6495	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Visit definition D.
6496	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Under definition D.
6497	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Company definition D.
6498	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Likely definition D.
6499	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Camera definition D.
6500	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Name definition D.
6501	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Fast definition D.
6502	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Meet definition D.
6503	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Particular definition D.
6504	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Father definition D.
6505	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Government definition D.
6506	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Along definition D.
6507	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Final definition D.
6508	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Leave definition D.
6509	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Rock definition D.
6510	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Customer definition D.
6511	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Realize definition A. B: Should definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Push definition D.
6512	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Body definition D.
6513	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: Evening definition D.
6514	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Create definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Family definition D.
6515	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Mention definition C. D: Item definition D.
6516	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Science definition C. D: No definition D.
6517	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Above definition D.
6518	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Name definition D.
6519	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Bit definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Hear definition D.
6520	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Shake definition D.
6521	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
6522	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Support definition C. D: Until definition D.
6523	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Break definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Development definition D.
6524	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Decision definition D.
6525	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Memory definition D.
6526	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
6527	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Vote definition D.
6528	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: International definition C. D: Various definition D.
6529	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Pm definition D.
6530	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: Shake definition D.
6531	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Call definition D.
6532	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: During definition B. C: Best definition C. D: Network definition D.
6533	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Senior definition B. C: You definition C. D: Course definition D.
6534	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Next definition D.
6535	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Wall definition D.
6536	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
6537	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Crime definition D.
6538	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Bed definition D.
6539	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: However definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Especially definition D.
6540	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Night definition D.
6541	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Find definition D.
6542	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Large definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Space definition D.
6543	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Gas definition D.
6544	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Act definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
6545	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Well definition D.
6546	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Summer definition D.
6547	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Amount definition B. C: Score definition C. D: There definition D.
6548	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Increase definition D.
6549	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Trade definition D.
6550	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Worry definition D.
6551	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Word definition D.
6552	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Popular definition D.
6553	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Also definition D.
6554	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: So definition C. D: Character definition D.
6555	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Blood definition D.
6556	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Investment definition D.
6557	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Which definition D.
6558	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Between definition D.
6559	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: System definition B. C: Arrive definition C. D: Development definition D.
6560	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Although definition B. C: Away definition C. D: All definition D.
6561	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Live definition D.
6562	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Serious definition D.
6563	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Whose definition D.
6564	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Floor definition D.
6565	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: West definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Operation definition D.
6566	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Mr definition D.
6567	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Soldier definition A. B: West definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Too definition D.
6568	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Will definition D.
6569	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Only definition C. D: Child definition D.
6570	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Miss definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
6571	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Bed definition C. D: Debate definition D.
6572	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Change definition C. D: To definition D.
6573	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Challenge definition A. B: We definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Smile definition D.
6574	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Hold definition D.
6575	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Actually definition D.
6576	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Evening definition C. D: Property definition D.
6577	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: West definition D.
6578	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: She definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Few definition D.
6579	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Water definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Air definition D.
6580	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Free definition C. D: Thus definition D.
6581	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Prepare definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Without definition D.
6582	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Former definition D.
6583	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Song definition D.
6584	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Letter definition D.
6585	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Yet definition C. D: Plan definition D.
6586	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Town definition D.
6587	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
6588	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Here definition D.
6589	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: More definition C. D: Choice definition D.
6590	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Able definition D.
6591	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Movement definition D.
6592	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Firm definition D.
6593	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Catch definition D.
6594	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Toward definition D.
6595	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
6596	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Page definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Sense definition D.
6597	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Exactly definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: Fund definition D.
6598	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Majority definition D.
6599	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Go definition D.
6600	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Cost definition B. C: North definition C. D: About definition D.
6601	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: News definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Detail definition D.
6602	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Series definition B. C: Sister definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
6603	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Child definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: Huge definition D.
6604	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Explain definition D.
6605	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Western definition D.
6606	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Space definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Low definition D.
6607	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Option definition D.
6608	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seat definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Put definition D.
6609	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Go definition D.
6610	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Question definition D.
6611	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: City definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Resource definition D.
6612	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Bad definition D.
6613	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
6614	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
6615	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Fear definition D.
6616	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Focus definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Job definition D.
6617	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Prepare definition D.
6618	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Write definition C. D: General definition D.
6619	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Late definition B. C: People definition C. D: With definition D.
6620	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: List definition D.
6621	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
6622	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Player definition D.
6623	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Response definition D.
6624	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Woman definition D.
6625	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Full definition D.
6626	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: Arrive definition C. D: Individual definition D.
6627	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Purpose definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Write definition C. D: History definition D.
6628	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Behind definition D.
6629	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Remain definition D.
6630	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: As definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Continue definition D.
6631	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
6632	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: East definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Kid definition D.
6633	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Hour definition D.
6634	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Home definition D.
6635	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: But definition C. D: Hour definition D.
6636	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Industry definition D.
6637	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Back definition D.
6638	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
6639	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Administration definition D.
6640	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Mr definition D.
6641	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Response definition C. D: International definition D.
6642	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Gas definition D.
6643	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thousand definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Without definition D.
6644	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Not definition D.
6645	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Home definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Before definition D.
6646	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Result definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Much definition D.
6647	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Child definition B. C: Society definition C. D: Executive definition D.
6648	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Myself definition D.
6649	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Mother definition D.
6650	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Go definition D.
6651	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Later definition D.
6652	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Must definition D.
6653	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Either definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
6654	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Administration definition D.
6655	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
6656	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Product definition D.
6657	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Purpose definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Human definition D.
6658	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: The definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
6659	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Economic definition D.
6660	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Ten definition D.
6661	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Through definition B. C: War definition C. D: Carry definition D.
6662	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Take definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: More definition D.
6663	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Table definition D.
6664	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hour definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Beat definition D.
6665	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Option definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: All definition C. D: Player definition D.
6666	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Seem definition C. D: Age definition D.
6667	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Possible definition D.
6668	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Upon definition D.
6669	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Performance definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
6670	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Dark definition D.
6671	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Happy definition D.
6672	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Series definition D.
6673	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Stop definition D.
6674	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Now definition D.
6675	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Red definition C. D: Control definition D.
6676	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Watch definition D.
6677	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
6678	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Bit definition D.
6679	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Gas definition C. D: Detail definition D.
6680	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Action definition D.
6681	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Travel definition D.
6682	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Evening definition C. D: Serve definition D.
6683	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: Investment definition D.
6684	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Recent definition D.
6685	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Really definition D.
6686	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Choose definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Sense definition D.
6687	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
6688	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
6689	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Early definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Choose definition D.
6690	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Able definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Never definition D.
6691	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Find definition C. D: Information definition D.
6692	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Call definition B. C: News definition C. D: Practice definition D.
6693	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Military definition B. C: So definition C. D: Scene definition D.
6694	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Least definition D.
6695	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Machine definition D.
6696	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Past definition A. B: Friend definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Car definition D.
6697	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Loss definition D.
6698	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: She definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Over definition D.
6699	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: American definition D.
6700	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Ten definition D.
6701	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Sister definition D.
6702	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Community definition D.
6703	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Put definition B. C: To definition C. D: Report definition D.
6704	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Become definition D.
6705	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Member definition D.
6706	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Many definition D.
6707	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Beat definition D.
6708	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Over definition C. D: High definition D.
6709	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: West definition C. D: Project definition D.
6710	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: School definition C. D: Parent definition D.
6711	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
6712	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
6713	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Down definition C. D: Boy definition D.
6714	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Who definition D.
6715	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Success definition B. C: About definition C. D: Authority definition D.
6716	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: National definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
6717	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Human definition D.
6718	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Who definition D.
6719	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: War definition C. D: Computer definition D.
6720	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
6721	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Act definition D.
6722	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Work definition C. D: None definition D.
6723	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Shoulder definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
6724	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Network definition D.
6725	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Successful definition D.
6726	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Significant definition D.
6727	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Those definition C. D: High definition D.
6728	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Draw definition D.
6729	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Church definition D.
6730	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
6731	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Before definition D.
6732	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Pick definition D.
6733	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Seek definition D.
6734	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Step definition D.
6735	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Old definition D.
6736	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Trip definition D.
6737	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Main definition D.
6738	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Article definition D.
6739	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Society definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Author definition D.
6740	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
6741	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Responsibility definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
6742	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Sign definition D.
6743	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
6744	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Thus definition D.
6745	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: Work definition D.
6746	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ready definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: You definition D.
6747	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Nor definition D.
6748	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Central definition D.
6749	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: This definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Value definition D.
6750	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Natural definition D.
6751	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Significant definition D.
6752	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Identify definition D.
6753	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Choose definition D.
6754	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Best definition D.
6755	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Reach definition D.
6756	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Anything definition D.
6757	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Both definition C. D: Reason definition D.
6758	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Authority definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
6759	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: National definition D.
6760	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dinner definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Among definition D.
6761	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cause definition A. B: The definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Price definition D.
6762	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Family definition D.
6763	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Agent definition D.
6764	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: I definition B. C: Every definition C. D: Various definition D.
6765	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Painting definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Hear definition D.
6766	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
6767	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Series definition C. D: During definition D.
6768	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Congress definition D.
6769	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Specific definition D.
6770	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Young definition D.
6771	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Each definition D.
6772	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Day definition D.
6773	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Number definition B. C: A definition C. D: As definition D.
6774	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: With definition C. D: Also definition D.
6775	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Room definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Spend definition D.
6776	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Consider definition D.
6777	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
6778	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Wife definition D.
6779	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Budget definition D.
6780	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
6781	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Call definition D.
6782	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Education definition D.
6783	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: Risk definition D.
6784	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Church definition D.
6785	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Entire definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
6786	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: World definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Fill definition D.
6787	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Single definition D.
6788	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Fear definition D.
6789	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Citizen definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Media definition D.
6790	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Eat definition D.
6791	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
6792	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Level definition D.
6793	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Professional definition D.
6794	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Respond definition D.
6795	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Third definition D.
6796	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Word definition D.
6797	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Create definition D.
6798	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
6799	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Together definition D.
6800	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Again definition D.
6801	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Never definition C. D: Forget definition D.
6802	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
6803	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Price definition D.
6804	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Through definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: Forward definition D.
6805	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: We definition C. D: Shake definition D.
6806	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Difference definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Factor definition D.
6807	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Mind definition D.
6808	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: School definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Small definition D.
6809	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: One definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
6810	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: All definition D.
6811	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Reach definition D.
6812	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Big definition B. C: See definition C. D: During definition D.
6813	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Skill definition C. D: Decide definition D.
6814	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: World definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Moment definition D.
6815	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
6816	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: These definition D.
6817	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Bar definition D.
6818	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Teach definition B. C: Race definition C. D: From definition D.
6819	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
6820	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: List definition D.
6821	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Various definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Former definition D.
6822	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
6823	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Like definition D.
6824	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Follow definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Usually definition D.
6825	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Edge definition D.
6826	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: So definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Save definition D.
6827	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Seven definition D.
6828	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Car definition D.
6829	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Sit definition C. D: Do definition D.
6830	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: School definition D.
6831	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Us definition C. D: How definition D.
6832	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Eat definition D.
6833	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Guy definition D.
6834	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Control definition D.
6835	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Loss definition B. C: National definition C. D: Choice definition D.
6836	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Second definition D.
6837	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Bad definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Executive definition D.
6838	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: We definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Appear definition D.
6839	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
6840	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Per definition C. D: State definition D.
6841	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Compare definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: What definition C. D: Week definition D.
6842	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Law definition D.
6843	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Wide definition D.
6844	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Successful definition C. D: Speech definition D.
6845	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Event definition D.
6846	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Source definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Onto definition D.
6847	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Light definition C. D: What definition D.
6848	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Join definition D.
6849	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Kind definition D.
6850	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Receive definition D.
6851	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Compare definition D.
6852	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Wife definition B. C: City definition C. D: Service definition D.
6853	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Girl definition C. D: Word definition D.
6854	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Determine definition D.
6855	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Recently definition D.
6856	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Million definition D.
6857	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Send definition B. C: View definition C. D: Administration definition D.
6858	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Item definition B. C: News definition C. D: Art definition D.
6859	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: World definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Home definition D.
6860	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: The definition C. D: Instead definition D.
6861	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Back definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Minute definition D.
6862	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Decade definition D.
6863	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
6864	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Article definition D.
6865	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
6866	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Leg definition D.
6867	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Save definition D.
6868	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Act definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Sport definition D.
6869	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Fear definition C. D: Interview definition D.
6870	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Become definition D.
6871	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Whom definition D.
6872	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: Law definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
6873	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: By definition D.
6874	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Door definition D.
6875	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Nor definition D.
6876	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Person definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Whether definition D.
6877	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Address definition D.
6878	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Receive definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
6879	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Over definition C. D: More definition D.
6880	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Would definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Floor definition C. D: Any definition D.
6881	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Visit definition D.
6882	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Will definition D.
6883	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
6884	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Lose definition D.
6885	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: School definition B. C: And definition C. D: Really definition D.
6886	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Produce definition D.
6887	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Identify definition D.
6888	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Probably definition D.
6889	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Three definition D.
6890	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Red definition D.
6891	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Case definition D.
6892	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Few definition D.
6893	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Degree definition D.
6894	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Image definition D.
6895	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Over definition D.
6896	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Tend definition D.
6897	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Financial definition D.
6898	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Mention definition D.
6899	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: East definition C. D: Both definition D.
6900	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Simply definition B. C: Top definition C. D: Never definition D.
6901	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Ever definition D.
6902	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Also definition D.
6903	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Sure definition D.
6904	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Hair definition D.
6905	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Around definition D.
6906	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Among definition D.
6907	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Force definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Money definition C. D: Network definition D.
6908	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Change definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: When definition D.
6909	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Common definition D.
6910	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Standard definition D.
6911	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Design definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: Cause definition D.
6912	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Later definition D.
6913	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: You definition C. D: Piece definition D.
6914	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Walk definition D.
6915	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Specific definition D.
6916	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Training definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Couple definition D.
6917	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: War definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Which definition D.
6918	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Operation definition D.
6919	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Along definition D.
6920	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
6921	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Use definition D.
6922	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Performance definition D.
6923	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Medical definition D.
6924	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Kind definition D.
6925	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Economy definition D.
6926	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: There definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Hard definition D.
6927	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Report definition D.
6928	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Night definition D.
6929	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Support definition B. C: From definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
6930	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
6931	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Young definition D.
6932	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Attack definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
6933	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: It definition C. D: Finish definition D.
6934	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
6935	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Style definition D.
6936	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Determine definition D.
6937	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: That definition C. D: Near definition D.
6938	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Than definition B. C: We definition C. D: Enough definition D.
6939	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: People definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Street definition D.
6940	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Guy definition D.
6941	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Task definition C. D: You definition D.
6942	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: According definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Amount definition D.
6943	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: College definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Natural definition D.
6944	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Society definition D.
6945	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Near definition D.
6946	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Message definition D.
6947	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: At definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Guy definition D.
6948	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Theory definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Work definition D.
6949	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Student definition D.
6950	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Treatment definition D.
6951	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Central definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Statement definition D.
6952	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Some definition C. D: Threat definition D.
6953	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: And definition D.
6954	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Point definition D.
6955	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Low definition D.
6956	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Behind definition D.
6957	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Finally definition D.
6958	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Ground definition D.
6959	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Son definition D.
6960	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
6961	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: When definition D.
6962	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Room definition D.
6963	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Author definition D.
6964	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: See definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Mean definition D.
6965	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Side definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Air definition C. D: Floor definition D.
6966	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Least definition D.
6967	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Eye definition D.
6968	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Beat definition D.
6969	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Production definition D.
6970	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Place definition C. D: With definition D.
6971	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Ready definition D.
6972	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Music definition D.
6973	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
6974	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Wall definition D.
6975	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: When definition D.
6976	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Oil definition D.
6977	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Focus definition D.
6978	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Pass definition D.
6979	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: You definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: News definition D.
6980	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Behavior definition C. D: Lose definition D.
6981	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Fund definition D.
6982	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Purpose definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Key definition D.
6983	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Pm definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Son definition D.
6984	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
6985	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Most definition D.
6986	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Who definition B. C: This definition C. D: Entire definition D.
6987	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forward definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Class definition D.
6988	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Author definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Politics definition D.
6989	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quality definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Describe definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
6990	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Raise definition D.
6991	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: State definition C. D: Want definition D.
6992	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: According definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Add definition D.
6993	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Modern definition D.
6994	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: So definition D.
6995	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Institution definition A. B: Our definition B. C: West definition C. D: Event definition D.
6996	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Attack definition C. D: Base definition D.
6997	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Everything definition D.
6998	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Share definition D.
6999	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: After definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Truth definition D.
7000	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Administration definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
7001	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: However definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
7002	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Situation definition A. B: Carry definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Question definition D.
7003	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Child definition D.
7004	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: A definition D.
7005	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Stuff definition C. D: Score definition D.
7006	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Several definition D.
7007	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Here definition D.
7008	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Consider definition D.
7009	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Ok definition C. D: Security definition D.
7010	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Tax definition D.
7011	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Skill definition D.
7012	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Point definition D.
7013	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Off definition C. D: Agency definition D.
7014	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Want definition D.
7015	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Run definition D.
7016	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Help definition C. D: You definition D.
7017	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Happen definition B. C: If definition C. D: Paper definition D.
7018	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Energy definition D.
7019	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Either definition D.
7020	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Full definition B. C: To definition C. D: Whole definition D.
7021	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Better definition D.
7022	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Environmental definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Economy definition D.
7023	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Summer definition D.
7024	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: About definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Plant definition D.
7025	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: The definition D.
7026	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Large definition D.
7027	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Name definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
7028	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Mrs definition D.
7029	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Development definition D.
7030	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: No definition D.
7031	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
7032	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Budget definition D.
7033	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Because definition D.
7034	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Source definition D.
7035	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Billion definition A. B: West definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Education definition D.
7036	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Movie definition D.
7037	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Wall definition C. D: Finish definition D.
7038	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Member definition C. D: No definition D.
7039	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Most definition B. C: After definition C. D: Table definition D.
7040	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Total definition C. D: Science definition D.
7041	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Fly definition B. C: Off definition C. D: Notice definition D.
7042	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Investment definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Push definition D.
7043	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: None definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Rise definition D.
7044	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
7045	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Probably definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
7046	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Though definition D.
7047	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Try definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
7048	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Agency definition D.
7049	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: War definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Include definition D.
7050	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Risk definition D.
7051	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Compare definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Culture definition D.
7052	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: From definition C. D: Thank definition D.
7053	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Environment definition D.
7054	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: First definition C. D: Attention definition D.
7055	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Hear definition D.
7056	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Cause definition D.
7057	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
7058	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Unit definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Public definition D.
7059	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
7060	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Worker definition D.
7061	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Over definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Letter definition D.
7062	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: After definition B. C: Yet definition C. D: True definition D.
7063	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Own definition D.
7064	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Miss definition C. D: Low definition D.
7065	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Project definition D.
7066	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
7067	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Both definition D.
7068	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Front definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Country definition D.
7069	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Society definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Population definition D.
7070	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Research definition B. C: President definition C. D: Society definition D.
7071	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Part definition D.
7072	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Second definition D.
7073	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Loss definition D.
7074	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Expert definition D.
7075	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
7076	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Most definition D.
7077	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Really definition D.
7078	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Top definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Down definition D.
7079	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: View definition B. C: Test definition C. D: It definition D.
7080	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: International definition C. D: Final definition D.
7081	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Seek definition C. D: Issue definition D.
7082	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
7083	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Drive definition C. D: Through definition D.
7084	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
7085	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Each definition C. D: These definition D.
7086	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: News definition C. D: Wide definition D.
7087	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Work definition D.
7088	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Why definition D.
7089	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Likely definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Bit definition D.
7090	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
7091	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Society definition C. D: Page definition D.
7092	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Mention definition D.
7093	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: Partner definition D.
7094	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
7095	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Garden definition D.
7096	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: He definition A. B: Music definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: Wife definition D.
7097	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: During definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Too definition D.
7098	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Carry definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Region definition D.
7099	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Sure definition D.
7100	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Meet definition D.
7101	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Must definition B. C: My definition C. D: Sign definition D.
7102	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Yes definition D.
7103	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Institution definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Trip definition C. D: Close definition D.
7104	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Minute definition D.
7105	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Case definition D.
7106	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Late definition C. D: All definition D.
7107	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Our definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Game definition D.
7108	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Prove definition D.
7109	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: How definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Seven definition D.
7110	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Center definition D.
7111	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Score definition D.
7112	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Into definition D.
7113	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Raise definition C. D: Blue definition D.
7114	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Serious definition D.
7115	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Language definition A. B: Check definition B. C: International definition C. D: Simple definition D.
7116	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Hold definition C. D: Administration definition D.
7117	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Minute definition D.
7118	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: North definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Race definition D.
7119	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Law definition D.
7120	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Left definition D.
7121	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Apply definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Language definition D.
7122	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Onto definition D.
7123	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Toward definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Recently definition D.
7124	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Loss definition D.
7125	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rock definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Travel definition D.
7126	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Meet definition D.
7127	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
7128	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Keep definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Above definition D.
7129	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Fill definition D.
7130	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Take definition D.
7131	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: It definition B. C: Including definition C. D: Four definition D.
7132	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Institution definition D.
7133	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Middle definition D.
7134	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Indicate definition C. D: Soon definition D.
7135	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Speak definition D.
7136	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seek definition A. B: Color definition B. C: House definition C. D: Participant definition D.
7137	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Front definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Road definition D.
7138	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: State definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Including definition D.
7139	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Issue definition D.
7140	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Especially definition D.
7141	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Traditional definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Pretty definition D.
7142	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: According definition B. C: Floor definition C. D: Late definition D.
7143	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Organization definition D.
7144	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Free definition D.
7145	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Hair definition D.
7146	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Tend definition D.
7147	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Very definition C. D: Owner definition D.
7148	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: He definition C. D: Near definition D.
7149	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Few definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
7150	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Say definition D.
7151	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: After definition D.
7152	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Guy definition D.
7153	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Control definition D.
7154	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: National definition B. C: As definition C. D: Inside definition D.
7155	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Report definition C. D: For definition D.
7156	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Next definition C. D: Cold definition D.
7157	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Scene definition D.
7158	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Recently definition D.
7159	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Woman definition D.
7160	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: City definition D.
7161	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Ball definition D.
7162	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Property definition D.
7163	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Top definition C. D: Again definition D.
7164	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Born definition D.
7165	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Too definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Tend definition D.
7166	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: None definition A. B: New definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Last definition D.
7167	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: From definition D.
7168	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: Week definition D.
7169	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Drop definition D.
7170	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Go definition D.
7171	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Use definition D.
7172	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Inside definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Employee definition D.
7173	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Father definition B. C: White definition C. D: Style definition D.
7174	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Mother definition D.
7175	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Those definition D.
7176	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Trip definition D.
7177	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Include definition D.
7178	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Product definition D.
7179	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Amount definition D.
7180	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Compare definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Development definition D.
7181	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Eight definition D.
7182	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Seem definition D.
7183	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: People definition C. D: Break definition D.
7184	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Everybody definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Bar definition D.
7185	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: Return definition D.
7186	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: These definition C. D: Idea definition D.
7187	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Street definition D.
7188	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Try definition D.
7189	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: New definition D.
7190	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: View definition D.
7191	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Improve definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Cost definition D.
7192	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Including definition D.
7193	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: American definition B. C: So definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
7194	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: Send definition D.
7195	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Though definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Cost definition D.
7196	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Building definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Describe definition D.
7197	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Art definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Go definition D.
7198	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Detail definition C. D: Over definition D.
7199	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Scene definition D.
7200	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Only definition C. D: Single definition D.
7201	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Notice definition D.
7202	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Group definition D.
7203	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Play definition D.
7204	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Although definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Pull definition D.
7205	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Watch definition D.
7206	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Reason definition D.
7207	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Develop definition D.
7208	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: On definition C. D: Always definition D.
7209	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: Training definition D.
7210	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Fire definition D.
7211	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Four definition D.
7212	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Foot definition B. C: Indeed definition C. D: Follow definition D.
7213	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Attack definition D.
7214	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Charge definition A. B: On definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Several definition D.
7215	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Help definition D.
7216	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leave definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: World definition C. D: Fire definition D.
7217	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
7218	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: He definition C. D: Should definition D.
7219	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Free definition C. D: Sign definition D.
7220	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Network definition D.
7221	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Me definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Kid definition D.
7222	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Ask definition D.
7223	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Red definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: A definition C. D: According definition D.
7224	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Hair definition C. D: Particular definition D.
7225	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: House definition D.
7226	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Few definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Believe definition D.
7227	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
7228	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Argue definition D.
7229	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Action definition C. D: Offer definition D.
7230	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Red definition D.
7231	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Arm definition D.
7232	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
7233	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Send definition D.
7234	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Others definition C. D: American definition D.
7235	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: View definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Behind definition D.
7236	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Evening definition C. D: Keep definition D.
7237	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Serve definition D.
7238	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Page definition D.
7239	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Near definition D.
7240	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: According definition C. D: Ground definition D.
7241	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Whom definition D.
7242	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Court definition C. D: Boy definition D.
7243	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Before definition D.
7244	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Some definition D.
7245	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
7246	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Practice definition D.
7247	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Science definition D.
7248	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Person definition D.
7249	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: To definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Meet definition D.
7250	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: True definition B. C: Head definition C. D: Forward definition D.
7251	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: End definition D.
7252	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attack definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Concern definition C. D: Approach definition D.
7253	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Politics definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Tell definition D.
7254	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Culture definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Live definition D.
7255	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Day definition B. C: None definition C. D: No definition D.
7256	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
7257	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Particular definition D.
7258	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Would definition D.
7259	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Southern definition D.
7260	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Action definition C. D: Less definition D.
7261	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: International definition C. D: Pick definition D.
7262	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Crime definition D.
7263	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Around definition D.
7264	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Thought definition D.
7265	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Local definition C. D: Report definition D.
7266	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Exist definition D.
7267	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Seven definition D.
7268	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Example definition D.
7269	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Claim definition D.
7270	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Explain definition D.
7271	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: At definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Value definition C. D: Church definition D.
7272	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Ball definition D.
7273	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Music definition D.
7274	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Recent definition D.
7275	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Born definition D.
7276	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Check definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Computer definition D.
7277	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Body definition C. D: Enter definition D.
7278	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Own definition D.
7279	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Past definition B. C: She definition C. D: Budget definition D.
7280	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: Tell definition D.
7281	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Camera definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Would definition C. D: Kid definition D.
7282	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: May definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
7283	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Area definition D.
7284	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: Rather definition D.
7285	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: List definition C. D: Artist definition D.
7286	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Support definition C. D: Bill definition D.
7287	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Truth definition D.
7288	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Require definition D.
7289	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Authority definition C. D: Cold definition D.
7290	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Hand definition D.
7291	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: About definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Current definition D.
7292	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
7293	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Still definition D.
7294	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Subject definition D.
7295	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Stay definition D.
7296	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Station definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Ground definition D.
7297	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: House definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Customer definition D.
7298	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Let definition C. D: Law definition D.
7299	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Pass definition D.
7300	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Major definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Long definition D.
7301	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Do definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Both definition D.
7302	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Television definition B. C: College definition C. D: Anything definition D.
7303	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: American definition C. D: Kind definition D.
7304	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Human definition D.
7305	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Soon definition D.
7306	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Design definition D.
7307	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Machine definition D.
7308	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: As definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: News definition D.
7309	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Lot definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: Chance definition D.
7310	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Born definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: These definition D.
7311	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: However definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Society definition D.
7312	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Stay definition D.
7313	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Me definition C. D: No definition D.
7314	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Upon definition D.
7315	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
7316	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Let definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Happen definition D.
7317	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: That definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
7318	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Employee definition D.
7319	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Decide definition D.
7320	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: World definition D.
7321	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: We definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Before definition D.
7322	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Describe definition D.
7323	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Test definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Far definition D.
7324	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Course definition D.
7325	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movement definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Control definition C. D: International definition D.
7326	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Those definition D.
7327	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thousand definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Someone definition D.
7328	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: The definition C. D: Probably definition D.
7329	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Budget definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Cover definition D.
7330	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Pass definition D.
7331	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Next definition D.
7332	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Institution definition B. C: Region definition C. D: President definition D.
7333	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Study definition C. D: In definition D.
7334	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
7335	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Pull definition D.
7336	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: High definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
7337	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: Near definition C. D: True definition D.
7338	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Five definition B. C: From definition C. D: Protect definition D.
7339	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Open definition D.
7340	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Plan definition D.
7341	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Last definition D.
7342	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Agree definition D.
7343	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Fall definition C. D: Send definition D.
7344	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Music definition C. D: Force definition D.
7345	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: According definition B. C: There definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
7346	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Politics definition D.
7347	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Form definition D.
7348	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Season definition B. C: Answer definition C. D: Music definition D.
7349	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Front definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
7350	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Man definition A. B: Room definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: Writer definition D.
7351	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Record definition D.
7352	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Take definition D.
7353	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Institution definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Home definition D.
7354	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Free definition D.
7355	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Send definition D.
7356	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Exist definition D.
7357	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: We definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Building definition D.
7358	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
7359	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: West definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Address definition D.
7360	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: She definition C. D: Staff definition D.
7361	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
7362	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Feel definition C. D: Call definition D.
7363	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Clear definition D.
7364	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Phone definition D.
7365	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Listen definition D.
7366	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Young definition D.
7367	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Environment definition D.
7368	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Performance definition D.
7369	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Light definition D.
7370	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Success definition D.
7371	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Example definition B. C: At definition C. D: Region definition D.
7372	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: While definition C. D: Think definition D.
7373	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
7374	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Available definition D.
7375	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Whose definition C. D: Good definition D.
7376	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Best definition D.
7377	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Before definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Us definition D.
7378	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Anything definition D.
7379	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Him definition D.
7380	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Remain definition D.
7381	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Democrat definition D.
7382	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: North definition D.
7383	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: What definition D.
7384	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Case definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Trip definition D.
7385	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Look definition C. D: Ball definition D.
7386	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Good definition D.
7387	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Imagine definition C. D: Crime definition D.
7388	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
7389	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Learn definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Last definition D.
7390	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Happen definition D.
7391	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: East definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Today definition D.
7392	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Power definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
7393	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Important definition D.
7394	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Student definition D.
7395	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Easy definition D.
7396	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Run definition C. D: Crime definition D.
7397	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
7398	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Upon definition D.
7399	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Democratic definition C. D: Success definition D.
7400	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
7401	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: From definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Together definition D.
7402	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Report definition D.
7403	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Each definition D.
7404	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Crime definition D.
7405	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: After definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Sea definition D.
7406	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Business definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Mention definition D.
7407	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Among definition D.
7408	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Above definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Seem definition C. D: Performance definition D.
7409	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Range definition D.
7410	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Interview definition D.
7411	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
7412	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Four definition D.
7413	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Far definition D.
7414	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Cause definition D.
7415	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
7416	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Thousand definition B. C: Field definition C. D: Group definition D.
7417	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Test definition D.
7418	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Western definition D.
7419	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Use definition B. C: As definition C. D: Against definition D.
7420	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Already definition C. D: She definition D.
7421	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: Read definition D.
7422	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Moment definition D.
7423	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Meet definition D.
7424	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Find definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
7425	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Call definition C. D: Free definition D.
7426	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Foot definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Happen definition D.
7427	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Through definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Actually definition D.
7428	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Environment definition D.
7429	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Kid definition D.
7430	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Well definition A. B: This definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Wind definition D.
7431	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Form definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Conference definition D.
7432	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: South definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Development definition D.
7433	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Hand definition D.
7434	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: School definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Spring definition D.
7435	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
7436	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
7437	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Six definition D.
7438	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Such definition B. C: College definition C. D: Wide definition D.
7439	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Nearly definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Television definition D.
7440	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Sound definition D.
7441	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Law definition C. D: Decision definition D.
7442	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: True definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Book definition D.
7443	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Start definition D.
7444	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Million definition D.
7445	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Claim definition D.
7446	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Thought definition D.
7447	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Method definition D.
7448	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Interview definition D.
7449	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Success definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
7450	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Despite definition D.
7451	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: White definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Small definition D.
7452	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Movement definition D.
7453	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Man definition C. D: What definition D.
7454	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: President definition D.
7455	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Over definition D.
7456	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Next definition D.
7457	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Challenge definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Kid definition D.
7458	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Billion definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
7459	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Strong definition D.
7460	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Off definition D.
7461	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Across definition D.
7462	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: News definition C. D: Become definition D.
7463	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Manager definition C. D: Within definition D.
7464	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: It definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Instead definition D.
7465	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Begin definition D.
7466	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Management definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Manage definition D.
7467	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Natural definition D.
7468	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: According definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Green definition D.
7469	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Enough definition D.
7470	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Must definition D.
7471	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Box definition D.
7472	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Score definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Medical definition D.
7473	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: After definition D.
7474	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Later definition D.
7475	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Space definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Understand definition D.
7476	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Only definition D.
7477	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Health definition C. D: House definition D.
7478	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Land definition C. D: Represent definition D.
7479	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Probably definition C. D: Report definition D.
7480	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Kind definition D.
7481	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Manager definition D.
7482	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Police definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Simple definition D.
7483	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Agreement definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
7484	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Movement definition D.
7485	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Stand definition D.
7486	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Note definition D.
7487	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Discover definition D.
7488	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Compare definition A. B: The definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Thank definition D.
7489	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Kind definition D.
7490	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Instead definition D.
7491	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Include definition D.
7492	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: During definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Threat definition D.
7493	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Security definition B. C: For definition C. D: Law definition D.
7494	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Baby definition D.
7495	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Today definition D.
7496	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Follow definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Green definition D.
7497	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: Think definition D.
7498	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: View definition C. D: Only definition D.
7499	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Television definition B. C: Any definition C. D: Company definition D.
7500	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Study definition B. C: With definition C. D: Table definition D.
7501	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Establish definition D.
7502	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Child definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Resource definition C. D: Book definition D.
7503	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Do definition C. D: Religious definition D.
7504	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Factor definition D.
7505	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Story definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: Method definition D.
7506	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: West definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: Culture definition D.
7507	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Person definition D.
7508	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
7509	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pretty definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Finally definition D.
7510	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Mind definition D.
7511	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Lawyer definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
7512	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Themselves definition D.
7513	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Positive definition D.
7514	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Ago definition D.
7515	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: He definition B. C: If definition C. D: Bag definition D.
7516	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: Resource definition D.
7517	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: Sit definition D.
7518	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Century definition A. B: Lawyer definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Call definition D.
7519	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: I definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: Particular definition D.
7520	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Mr definition D.
7521	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Stock definition C. D: Dark definition D.
7522	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Either definition B. C: See definition C. D: Who definition D.
7523	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Drop definition C. D: Want definition D.
7524	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Night definition C. D: On definition D.
7525	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: History definition B. C: At definition C. D: Method definition D.
7526	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Case definition D.
7527	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Message definition D.
7528	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Situation definition D.
7529	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Medical definition D.
7530	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Partner definition D.
7531	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Interest definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Painting definition D.
7532	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Answer definition D.
7533	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Skin definition D.
7534	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Herself definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Remember definition D.
7535	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Seven definition D.
7536	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Police definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: White definition C. D: Crime definition D.
7537	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Medical definition D.
7538	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Find definition D.
7539	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Whole definition C. D: Friend definition D.
7540	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Wall definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Glass definition D.
7541	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Ball definition D.
7542	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Memory definition D.
7543	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Market definition A. B: What definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Mean definition D.
7544	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: North definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Director definition D.
7545	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: All definition D.
7546	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Woman definition D.
7547	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meet definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Admit definition D.
7548	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Amount definition D.
7549	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Mind definition D.
7550	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Big definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
7551	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Through definition D.
7552	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: After definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Current definition D.
7553	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Happy definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Remember definition D.
7554	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Century definition C. D: On definition D.
7555	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Interesting definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
7556	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: White definition D.
7557	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Goal definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Serious definition D.
7558	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Class definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Movement definition D.
7559	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Determine definition A. B: But definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Old definition D.
7560	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Force definition D.
7561	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Change definition D.
7562	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Area definition D.
7563	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
7564	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Bag definition D.
7565	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
7566	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
7567	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Form definition D.
7568	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Budget definition D.
7569	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Dog definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
7570	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Person definition D.
7571	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: Travel definition D.
7572	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Decision definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Should definition D.
7573	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
7574	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: It definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: The definition D.
7575	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Along definition C. D: Agree definition D.
7576	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Type definition D.
7577	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Military definition D.
7578	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Law definition D.
7579	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Side definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Expect definition D.
7580	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Business definition D.
7581	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Along definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Tend definition D.
7582	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
7583	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Together definition D.
7584	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Building definition D.
7585	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Art definition B. C: Information definition C. D: Fight definition D.
7586	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Some definition D.
7587	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Much definition B. C: Our definition C. D: Almost definition D.
7588	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: Collection definition D.
7589	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: While definition B. C: Organization definition C. D: Walk definition D.
7590	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: American definition C. D: That definition D.
7591	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Take definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: West definition D.
7592	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Side definition C. D: Bill definition D.
7593	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Kind definition D.
7594	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Center definition D.
7595	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: More definition D.
7596	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Series definition D.
7597	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Major definition D.
7598	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: From definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Manage definition D.
7599	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Option definition D.
7600	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: He definition C. D: Effect definition D.
7601	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: Beyond definition C. D: South definition D.
7602	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Management definition D.
7603	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: High definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Design definition D.
7604	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recognize definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Particular definition D.
7605	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Clear definition D.
7606	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Air definition D.
7607	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: System definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Woman definition D.
7608	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Career definition D.
7609	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Reach definition D.
7610	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Interesting definition C. D: Feel definition D.
7611	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Safe definition D.
7612	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Family definition D.
7613	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Address definition D.
7614	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
7615	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Network definition D.
7616	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
7617	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Later definition C. D: Happy definition D.
7618	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Contain definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: We definition D.
7619	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Give definition D.
7620	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Bit definition D.
7621	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Understand definition C. D: Successful definition D.
7622	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Do definition C. D: So definition D.
7623	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: History definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Best definition D.
7624	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
7625	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Share definition D.
7626	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Read definition C. D: South definition D.
7627	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Position definition D.
7628	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Have definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
7629	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Citizen definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Main definition D.
7630	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Share definition C. D: They definition D.
7631	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Everything definition B. C: Figure definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
7632	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Issue definition C. D: Happy definition D.
7633	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: True definition D.
7634	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Staff definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Current definition D.
7635	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Generation definition D.
7636	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Glass definition D.
7637	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fly definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Heart definition D.
7638	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Together definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Mission definition D.
7639	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: No definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Peace definition D.
7640	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Compare definition D.
7641	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Relationship definition D.
7642	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: School definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Low definition D.
7643	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Republican definition D.
7644	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Range definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: A definition D.
7645	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: International definition D.
7646	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Page definition D.
7647	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Fall definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
7648	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Budget definition D.
7649	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Girl definition D.
7650	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Above definition D.
7651	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Body definition D.
7652	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: If definition B. C: Know definition C. D: Effect definition D.
7653	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gas definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: City definition D.
7654	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
7655	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
7656	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: Which definition B. C: That definition C. D: Nation definition D.
7657	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Program definition D.
7658	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Cell definition B. C: True definition C. D: Medical definition D.
7659	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Station definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Cost definition C. D: Radio definition D.
7660	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Well definition A. B: All definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: International definition D.
7661	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rock definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Building definition C. D: Shake definition D.
7662	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Least definition C. D: Manager definition D.
7663	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Staff definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Alone definition D.
7664	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Owner definition B. C: On definition C. D: One definition D.
7665	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Computer definition D.
7666	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
7667	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spring definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Add definition D.
7668	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Big definition D.
7669	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: American definition D.
7670	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Determine definition D.
7671	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: Forward definition D.
7672	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Court definition D.
7673	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Trip definition D.
7674	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: You definition D.
7675	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Human definition C. D: Alone definition D.
7676	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: These definition C. D: With definition D.
7677	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Under definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Half definition D.
7678	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Point definition D.
7679	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Medical definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Star definition D.
7680	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Situation definition D.
7681	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Avoid definition D.
7682	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Group definition C. D: Station definition D.
7683	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Available definition B. C: Last definition C. D: None definition D.
7684	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Test definition D.
7685	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Across definition D.
7686	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Congress definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Fear definition D.
7687	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Really definition D.
7688	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: She definition A. B: Accept definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Parent definition D.
7689	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Offer definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Event definition D.
7690	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Billion definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Admit definition D.
7691	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Through definition D.
7692	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Drop definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Middle definition D.
7693	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Board definition D.
7694	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treatment definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Green definition C. D: Raise definition D.
7695	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Culture definition D.
7696	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
7697	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: East definition C. D: Just definition D.
7698	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Start definition D.
7699	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: Go definition D.
7700	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ready definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: As definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
7701	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Most definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Man definition D.
7702	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: Goal definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: War definition D.
7703	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Table definition D.
7704	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Their definition D.
7705	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Around definition D.
7706	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Positive definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
7707	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Plan definition D.
7708	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Fear definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
7709	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Well definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Fire definition D.
7710	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Major definition D.
7711	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: With definition D.
7712	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Culture definition D.
7713	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Anything definition D.
7714	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Step definition D.
7715	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Choice definition D.
7716	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Story definition D.
7717	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Through definition A. B: They definition B. C: House definition C. D: Show definition D.
7718	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: South definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Majority definition D.
7719	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Least definition D.
7720	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Compare definition D.
7721	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Life definition D.
7722	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Or definition D.
7723	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Lot definition D.
7724	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Matter definition D.
7725	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: Quickly definition D.
7726	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Somebody definition A. B: With definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Thought definition D.
7727	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: World definition C. D: Number definition D.
7728	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Worker definition D.
7729	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Specific definition D.
7730	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Really definition B. C: More definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
7731	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hair definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Education definition C. D: Through definition D.
7732	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yes definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Child definition D.
7733	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: Total definition B. C: Live definition C. D: New definition D.
7734	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Start definition D.
7735	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Series definition B. C: It definition C. D: City definition D.
7736	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Sign definition D.
7737	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Character definition D.
7738	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Onto definition D.
7739	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Various definition D.
7740	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Street definition A. B: That definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Road definition D.
7741	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Well definition A. B: Box definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Sign definition D.
7742	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Us definition C. D: Yet definition D.
7743	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Person definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Thing definition C. D: Nor definition D.
7744	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Stop definition D.
7745	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prevent definition A. B: Home definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: Feel definition D.
7746	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Tough definition D.
7747	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Theory definition C. D: Stand definition D.
7748	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Describe definition D.
7749	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Response definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Sort definition D.
7750	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Employee definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Modern definition D.
7751	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: National definition C. D: Could definition D.
7752	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Reflect definition C. D: Hour definition D.
7753	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Year definition D.
7754	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: No definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Several definition D.
7755	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: End definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: Chance definition D.
7756	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: These definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Small definition D.
7757	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fear definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Line definition D.
7758	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Either definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Thing definition D.
7759	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Person definition B. C: Total definition C. D: Food definition D.
7760	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Almost definition D.
7761	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
7762	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Accept definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
7763	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: See definition C. D: Hour definition D.
7764	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skin definition A. B: According definition B. C: In definition C. D: Physical definition D.
7765	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Executive definition D.
7766	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Great definition A. B: Upon definition B. C: Long definition C. D: Scene definition D.
7767	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Enough definition D.
7768	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: State definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Full definition D.
7769	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Four definition D.
7770	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Actually definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Score definition D.
7771	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Seek definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Seek definition D.
7772	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: No definition D.
7773	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Them definition B. C: He definition C. D: Position definition D.
7774	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
7775	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Between definition D.
7776	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Sort definition D.
7777	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: They definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
7778	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Father definition C. D: Response definition D.
7779	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sister definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Attention definition D.
7780	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remember definition A. B: You definition B. C: Off definition C. D: One definition D.
7781	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Past definition D.
7782	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
7783	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Why definition B. C: Race definition C. D: Capital definition D.
7784	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recent definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Various definition D.
7785	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: What definition C. D: Season definition D.
7786	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Resource definition D.
7787	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Each definition C. D: Learn definition D.
7788	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
7789	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Time definition D.
7790	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Amount definition D.
7791	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: View definition D.
7792	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: First definition B. C: Issue definition C. D: Low definition D.
7793	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Than definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Will definition C. D: Clear definition D.
7794	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Community definition D.
7795	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Upon definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Prove definition D.
7796	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: National definition C. D: Send definition D.
7797	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Music definition D.
7798	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: Lot definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
7799	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Which definition D.
7800	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Southern definition A. B: Say definition B. C: When definition C. D: Network definition D.
7801	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Either definition D.
7802	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Employee definition D.
7803	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Better definition B. C: Section definition C. D: Go definition D.
7804	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Increase definition D.
7805	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Choose definition D.
7806	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Item definition D.
7807	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: We definition D.
7808	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Past definition D.
7809	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Young definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Series definition D.
7810	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Option definition D.
7811	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Baby definition A. B: Me definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: A definition D.
7812	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Down definition D.
7813	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Painting definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: View definition C. D: Series definition D.
7814	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Position definition D.
7815	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Especially definition C. D: Defense definition D.
7816	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Wish definition D.
7817	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Free definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Send definition D.
7818	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seven definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Skin definition D.
7819	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expert definition A. B: Step definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Them definition D.
7820	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Fall definition D.
7821	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
7822	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Of definition B. C: Whatever definition C. D: Car definition D.
7823	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: If definition C. D: Executive definition D.
7824	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Bed definition D.
7825	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: If definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Pass definition D.
7826	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Around definition C. D: Building definition D.
7827	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: While definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: However definition D.
7828	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: College definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Hard definition D.
7829	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Really definition D.
7830	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Rest definition D.
7831	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: After definition D.
7832	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
7833	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Water definition C. D: History definition D.
7834	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: So definition B. C: According definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
7835	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Various definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
7836	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Morning definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
7837	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Yet definition D.
7838	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Court definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Nearly definition D.
7839	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Out definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Among definition D.
7840	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: World definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
7841	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Not definition A. B: During definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
7842	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Matter definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
7843	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Field definition D.
7844	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Live definition C. D: During definition D.
7845	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Responsibility definition A. B: Order definition B. C: Help definition C. D: Performance definition D.
7846	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Hot definition D.
7847	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deal definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
7848	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Call definition C. D: Start definition D.
7849	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Talk definition D.
7850	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Arm definition D.
7851	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Power definition D.
7852	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Establish definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Station definition D.
7853	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
7854	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pass definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Modern definition D.
7855	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Personal definition D.
7856	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Out definition C. D: Describe definition D.
7857	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Win definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Remember definition D.
7858	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Up definition D.
7859	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Tax definition D.
7860	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Weight definition D.
7861	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Animal definition D.
7862	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: No definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
7863	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Many definition D.
7864	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: Organization definition D.
7865	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Note definition D.
7866	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Note definition D.
7867	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: House definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Discover definition D.
7868	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Management definition C. D: I definition D.
7869	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Upon definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Fast definition D.
7870	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: You definition C. D: Attack definition D.
7871	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: These definition C. D: Region definition D.
7872	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Serve definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Bring definition D.
7873	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Part definition D.
7874	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: People definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Could definition D.
7875	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Watch definition D.
7876	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Model definition C. D: So definition D.
7877	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rich definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Form definition D.
7878	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Act definition C. D: Trip definition D.
7879	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Message definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
7880	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: One definition B. C: Him definition C. D: Method definition D.
7881	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Media definition D.
7882	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Well definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Theory definition D.
7883	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Appear definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: Her definition D.
7884	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Level definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Camera definition D.
7885	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Range definition D.
7886	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Again definition B. C: There definition C. D: East definition D.
7887	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Five definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Art definition D.
7888	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Ten definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Safe definition D.
7889	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: No definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Quality definition D.
7890	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: General definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Hear definition D.
7891	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
7892	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Why definition D.
7893	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Head definition D.
7894	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: Development definition D.
7895	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: State definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Standard definition D.
7896	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Big definition B. C: Common definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
7897	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
7898	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Local definition C. D: People definition D.
7899	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Smile definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Consider definition D.
7900	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Student definition D.
7901	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
7902	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pm definition A. B: Popular definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Society definition D.
7903	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Watch definition D.
7904	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Executive definition D.
7905	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: White definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Change definition D.
7906	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: List definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Happen definition D.
7907	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: History definition B. C: Everything definition C. D: Who definition D.
7908	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Finally definition C. D: Most definition D.
7909	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Sister definition C. D: Per definition D.
7910	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Wide definition D.
7911	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Old definition C. D: Politics definition D.
7912	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Let definition D.
7913	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Including definition D.
7914	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Scene definition D.
7915	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Address definition D.
7916	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Research definition B. C: And definition C. D: Pm definition D.
7917	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Size definition D.
7918	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professor definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: Door definition D.
7919	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Theory definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Thus definition D.
7920	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
7921	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Yard definition D.
7922	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Large definition D.
7923	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Bar definition D.
7924	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Put definition D.
7925	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Travel definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
7926	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Truth definition D.
7927	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Debate definition D.
7928	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: You definition B. C: Arrive definition C. D: Per definition D.
7929	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Blood definition D.
7930	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Charge definition D.
7931	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Set definition B. C: Important definition C. D: National definition D.
7932	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: That definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Concern definition D.
7933	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Dark definition D.
7934	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Area definition D.
7935	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Sign definition D.
7936	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Happen definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
7937	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Body definition D.
7938	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
7939	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
7940	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Various definition C. D: Account definition D.
7941	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Doctor definition C. D: Resource definition D.
7942	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Family definition D.
7943	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: World definition D.
7944	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Just definition D.
7945	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Rate definition D.
7946	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Instead definition D.
7947	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Alone definition C. D: Affect definition D.
7948	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Who definition B. C: How definition C. D: Show definition D.
7949	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
7950	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Back definition C. D: Beyond definition D.
7951	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Question definition D.
7952	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Power definition D.
7953	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Democrat definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Form definition D.
7954	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
7955	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Room definition D.
7956	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: A definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Role definition D.
7957	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
7958	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
7959	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Itself definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Herself definition C. D: Wife definition D.
7960	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Staff definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
7961	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: My definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Most definition D.
7962	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Stock definition D.
7963	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Leg definition D.
7964	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Would definition D.
7965	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: Figure definition D.
7966	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Program definition D.
7967	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Offer definition D.
7968	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Happen definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Break definition D.
7969	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Property definition B. C: How definition C. D: Air definition D.
7970	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Hot definition D.
7971	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Southern definition D.
7972	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Because definition D.
7973	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Generation definition C. D: Plant definition D.
7974	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Debate definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: List definition D.
7975	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: He definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Finally definition D.
7976	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Play definition C. D: Debate definition D.
7977	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Admit definition C. D: Court definition D.
7978	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: There definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Call definition D.
7979	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Close definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Finish definition D.
7980	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
7981	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Cause definition D.
7982	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Before definition C. D: Less definition D.
7983	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Head definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Night definition D.
7984	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Every definition D.
7985	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
7986	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Sense definition D.
7987	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Interesting definition C. D: Win definition D.
7988	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Painting definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: They definition D.
7989	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everything definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Rather definition D.
7990	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Popular definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Two definition D.
7991	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: City definition C. D: Key definition D.
7992	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Special definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Trial definition D.
7993	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Since definition D.
7994	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Knowledge definition D.
7995	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Budget definition D.
7996	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Woman definition C. D: Sign definition D.
7997	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Edge definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Option definition D.
7998	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Pull definition D.
7999	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Wrong definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Use definition D.
8000	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: Notice definition D.
8001	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Group definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
8002	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Tend definition D.
8003	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Prove definition D.
8004	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Nothing definition D.
8005	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Rock definition C. D: Family definition D.
8006	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
8007	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Probably definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Evidence definition D.
8008	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anything definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Material definition D.
8009	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Church definition B. C: None definition C. D: Itself definition D.
8010	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: Popular definition C. D: Region definition D.
8011	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Free definition D.
8012	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Morning definition C. D: World definition D.
8013	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: All definition B. C: Computer definition C. D: Paper definition D.
8014	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Blood definition D.
8015	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Before definition D.
8016	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Yard definition D.
8017	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Very definition A. B: Law definition B. C: South definition C. D: Once definition D.
8018	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Create definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Factor definition D.
8019	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Exactly definition C. D: Leave definition D.
8020	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Positive definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Natural definition D.
8021	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: On definition B. C: Air definition C. D: Us definition D.
8022	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
8023	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Leave definition C. D: Ball definition D.
8024	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: To definition D.
8025	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Might definition D.
8026	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
8027	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Research definition D.
8028	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stop definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Someone definition D.
8029	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Red definition C. D: Drug definition D.
8030	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Stock definition D.
8031	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Sister definition B. C: Likely definition C. D: Although definition D.
8032	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: As definition C. D: Last definition D.
8033	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Member definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Wife definition D.
8034	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Popular definition D.
8035	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: So definition C. D: Cause definition D.
8036	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Protect definition D.
8037	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Cause definition D.
8038	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Consumer definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Guy definition D.
8039	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Their definition D.
8040	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: World definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Wait definition D.
8041	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Speak definition D.
8042	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: Memory definition D.
8043	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Herself definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Significant definition D.
8044	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Pay definition D.
8045	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Training definition D.
8046	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
8047	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Anyone definition B. C: Town definition C. D: Realize definition D.
8048	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: State definition C. D: Business definition D.
8049	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Learn definition D.
8050	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Position definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Today definition D.
8051	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Hour definition D.
8052	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: My definition C. D: Because definition D.
8053	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Nearly definition D.
8054	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Industry definition D.
8055	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Nature definition D.
8056	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Job definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Wide definition D.
8057	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Individual definition D.
8058	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Could definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: National definition C. D: Ask definition D.
8059	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Southern definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Future definition D.
8060	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: International definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Condition definition D.
8061	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Finally definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Shake definition D.
8062	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: He definition D.
8063	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Data definition D.
8064	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Stay definition D.
8065	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Floor definition D.
8066	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Anything definition D.
8067	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Grow definition D.
8068	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Effect definition D.
8069	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shoulder definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Phone definition D.
8070	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Student definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Mr definition D.
8071	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finally definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Possible definition C. D: Approach definition D.
8072	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
8073	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: War definition D.
8074	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Pattern definition C. D: Research definition D.
8075	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Light definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Blue definition D.
8076	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Never definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: Dark definition D.
8077	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thank definition A. B: Task definition B. C: With definition C. D: Ok definition D.
8078	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Style definition D.
8079	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Article definition D.
8080	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Push definition A. B: Method definition B. C: Raise definition C. D: Health definition D.
8081	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Within definition D.
8082	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: New definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Expect definition D.
8083	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
8084	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Age definition D.
8085	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Billion definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Plant definition D.
8086	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Me definition D.
8087	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Subject definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Better definition D.
8088	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Future definition D.
8089	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Environment definition D.
8090	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Time definition D.
8091	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Six definition D.
8092	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: View definition D.
8093	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Six definition D.
8094	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Phone definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Lawyer definition C. D: Could definition D.
8095	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Law definition D.
8096	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Suddenly definition D.
8097	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thousand definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Point definition D.
8098	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Poor definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Color definition D.
8099	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: A definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Pay definition C. D: Property definition D.
8100	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
8101	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Performance definition C. D: Half definition D.
8102	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Street definition B. C: She definition C. D: Model definition D.
8103	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Argue definition D.
8104	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Voice definition D.
8105	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: One definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Either definition D.
8106	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Fact definition D.
8107	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: High definition C. D: Half definition D.
8108	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: May definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Control definition D.
8109	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Focus definition D.
8110	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Personal definition D.
8111	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Well definition D.
8112	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Without definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Start definition D.
8113	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Show definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Spend definition D.
8114	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: White definition D.
8115	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Building definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Situation definition D.
8116	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Include definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Worry definition D.
8117	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: President definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Term definition D.
8118	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: It definition D.
8119	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Less definition D.
8120	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Important definition D.
8121	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Past definition D.
8122	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Church definition D.
8123	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Not definition D.
8124	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Surface definition D.
8125	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Value definition D.
8126	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: She definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Energy definition D.
8127	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Month definition D.
8128	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Player definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Specific definition C. D: These definition D.
8129	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Free definition D.
8130	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Discover definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Sing definition D.
8131	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Edge definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Team definition D.
8132	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Become definition D.
8133	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Require definition C. D: White definition D.
8134	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Check definition A. B: Five definition B. C: East definition C. D: Blue definition D.
8135	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Study definition D.
8136	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Group definition D.
8137	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: List definition D.
8138	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Science definition D.
8139	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Spring definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
8140	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Each definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: Economy definition D.
8141	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Able definition B. C: Question definition C. D: Find definition D.
8142	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Number definition D.
8143	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Benefit definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Stop definition D.
8144	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Black definition D.
8145	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Student definition D.
8146	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Tax definition D.
8147	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Late definition D.
8148	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Bag definition D.
8149	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Force definition C. D: According definition D.
8150	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: So definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
8151	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Skin definition D.
8152	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Hundred definition C. D: Follow definition D.
8153	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choose definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Help definition D.
8154	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Wear definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Machine definition D.
8155	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Point definition B. C: Relationship definition C. D: Production definition D.
8156	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Today definition D.
8157	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
8158	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Including definition D.
8159	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chair definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: It definition D.
8160	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: My definition C. D: Policy definition D.
8161	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Require definition C. D: Visit definition D.
8162	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Bank definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Task definition D.
8163	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Woman definition D.
8164	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Term definition B. C: There definition C. D: Explain definition D.
8165	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
8166	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Skin definition D.
8167	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Talk definition D.
8168	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: You definition D.
8169	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mention definition A. B: Idea definition B. C: Stuff definition C. D: Individual definition D.
8170	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Into definition D.
8171	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: President definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
8172	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Charge definition D.
8173	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Billion definition B. C: Character definition C. D: True definition D.
8174	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: World definition D.
8175	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Structure definition C. D: Often definition D.
8176	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Easy definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
8177	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Glass definition D.
8178	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Health definition D.
8179	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Building definition B. C: Process definition C. D: Western definition D.
8180	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Attack definition C. D: End definition D.
8181	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Material definition B. C: College definition C. D: Develop definition D.
8182	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Management definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Claim definition D.
8183	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Run definition D.
8184	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Win definition D.
8185	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Themselves definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Move definition C. D: City definition D.
8186	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Friend definition D.
8187	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: Consumer definition C. D: Recently definition D.
8188	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: After definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Away definition D.
8189	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Another definition C. D: Without definition D.
8190	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: By definition C. D: Pass definition D.
8191	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Painting definition D.
8192	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Teach definition B. C: After definition C. D: Learn definition D.
8193	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Per definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Difference definition D.
8194	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Capital definition D.
8195	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Prove definition D.
8196	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Question definition A. B: At definition B. C: More definition C. D: Although definition D.
8197	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: There definition C. D: Training definition D.
8198	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: President definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Travel definition D.
8199	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Real definition B. C: Painting definition C. D: Movement definition D.
8200	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: The definition A. B: Let definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Letter definition D.
8201	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Movement definition D.
8202	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Tell definition D.
8203	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Protect definition D.
8204	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Environment definition D.
8205	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Power definition D.
8206	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Purpose definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Run definition D.
8207	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Something definition C. D: Her definition D.
8208	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Develop definition C. D: Risk definition D.
8209	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Eight definition C. D: Push definition D.
8210	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Factor definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Character definition C. D: Total definition D.
8211	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Point definition D.
8212	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
8213	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Special definition D.
8214	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Professor definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Offer definition D.
8215	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Improve definition A. B: Section definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: Wide definition D.
8216	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Product definition D.
8217	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Special definition D.
8218	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: He definition A. B: Treatment definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Investment definition D.
8219	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Exactly definition D.
8220	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Energy definition D.
8221	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
8222	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Argue definition D.
8223	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Rest definition D.
8224	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Challenge definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Leg definition D.
8225	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foreign definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Information definition D.
8226	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: They definition D.
8227	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tough definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Although definition C. D: About definition D.
8228	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Like definition D.
8229	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Support definition B. C: More definition C. D: And definition D.
8230	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Off definition D.
8231	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enter definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
8232	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Memory definition D.
8233	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Month definition D.
8234	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Sport definition D.
8235	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spring definition A. B: Team definition B. C: International definition C. D: Describe definition D.
8236	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Source definition D.
8237	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Against definition D.
8238	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Food definition B. C: However definition C. D: Company definition D.
8239	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Improve definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Event definition D.
8240	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: For definition C. D: Wife definition D.
8241	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Music definition C. D: This definition D.
8242	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Organization definition D.
8243	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Staff definition D.
8244	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Car definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Hand definition D.
8245	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Act definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: That definition D.
8246	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: When definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Skill definition D.
8247	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happen definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Education definition D.
8248	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Others definition C. D: Day definition D.
8249	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Player definition D.
8250	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Nation definition D.
8251	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Culture definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Black definition D.
8252	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Work definition C. D: Stand definition D.
8253	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Line definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Recognize definition D.
8254	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: He definition B. C: Kind definition C. D: Read definition D.
8255	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Special definition D.
8256	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Name definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Win definition D.
8257	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Available definition D.
8258	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: House definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
8259	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Field definition D.
8260	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Hot definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Piece definition D.
8261	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Bag definition D.
8262	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Impact definition D.
8263	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Drug definition D.
8264	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Doctor definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Away definition D.
8265	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Message definition D.
8266	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Opportunity definition D.
8267	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Walk definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Table definition D.
8268	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Difference definition C. D: Three definition D.
8269	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Leader definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Anything definition D.
8270	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Car definition D.
8271	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Fish definition D.
8272	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Probably definition D.
8273	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Body definition D.
8274	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Senior definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: People definition D.
8275	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Continue definition D.
8276	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Letter definition D.
8277	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: How definition C. D: Sell definition D.
8278	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Fund definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Eye definition D.
8279	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Some definition D.
8280	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Able definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Action definition D.
8281	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Small definition D.
8282	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Let definition D.
8283	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
8284	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Adult definition D.
8285	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Trouble definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: List definition D.
8286	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Spring definition D.
8287	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Break definition C. D: People definition D.
8288	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Good definition C. D: Experience definition D.
8289	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bill definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Participant definition D.
8290	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Perform definition D.
8291	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Learn definition A. B: Point definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Field definition D.
8292	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Term definition B. C: Language definition C. D: Contain definition D.
8293	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Green definition D.
8294	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sea definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Include definition D.
8295	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Too definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Information definition D.
8296	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Participant definition D.
8297	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Personal definition D.
8298	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Three definition D.
8299	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Break definition D.
8300	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Him definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Fact definition D.
8301	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Team definition D.
8302	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Worry definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Manager definition D.
8303	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worry definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Guess definition C. D: Station definition D.
8304	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Night definition D.
8305	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: View definition D.
8306	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Though definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Plant definition D.
8307	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Stuff definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Thought definition D.
8308	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Situation definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Heart definition D.
8309	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Soon definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
8310	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Billion definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Off definition C. D: Organization definition D.
8311	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Structure definition D.
8312	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: People definition C. D: Result definition D.
8313	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Present definition D.
8314	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Response definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Real definition D.
8315	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Open definition D.
8316	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Audience definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Perform definition C. D: Poor definition D.
8317	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Occur definition D.
8318	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Two definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Since definition C. D: Prove definition D.
8319	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Cold definition B. C: Many definition C. D: Stop definition D.
8320	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Middle definition C. D: Tree definition D.
8321	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Citizen definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Start definition D.
8322	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Feel definition C. D: Range definition D.
8323	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Method definition B. C: Animal definition C. D: Into definition D.
8324	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Something definition B. C: Edge definition C. D: Well definition D.
8325	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Manage definition D.
8326	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Once definition D.
8327	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Pull definition C. D: Fight definition D.
8328	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Probably definition D.
8329	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: War definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Let definition D.
8330	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: North definition B. C: Left definition C. D: Site definition D.
8331	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: For definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Report definition D.
8332	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Plan definition D.
8333	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: If definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Know definition D.
8334	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: She definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
8335	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Site definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: A definition C. D: Vote definition D.
8336	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Side definition C. D: Not definition D.
8337	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Civil definition A. B: Water definition B. C: Continue definition C. D: Save definition D.
8338	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Respond definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Site definition D.
8339	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Will definition B. C: House definition C. D: Development definition D.
8340	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Theory definition B. C: Network definition C. D: Down definition D.
8341	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: According definition B. C: Discussion definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
8342	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Single definition B. C: Range definition C. D: Off definition D.
8343	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Focus definition A. B: Similar definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Cup definition D.
8344	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Drop definition D.
8345	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Program definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: House definition C. D: State definition D.
8346	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Want definition C. D: Fight definition D.
8347	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Better definition C. D: Statement definition D.
8348	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Skin definition D.
8349	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Give definition D.
8350	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Company definition D.
8351	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Item definition D.
8352	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Name definition B. C: End definition C. D: Current definition D.
8353	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: Political definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Show definition D.
8354	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Father definition D.
8355	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Instead definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Short definition D.
8356	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Should definition D.
8357	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Be definition C. D: What definition D.
8358	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Respond definition D.
8359	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Up definition B. C: About definition C. D: All definition D.
8360	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Themselves definition C. D: Part definition D.
8361	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Expert definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Man definition D.
8362	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Financial definition B. C: Campaign definition C. D: Activity definition D.
8363	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throw definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Trouble definition D.
8364	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Through definition D.
8365	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Within definition D.
8366	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Always definition B. C: House definition C. D: Reason definition D.
8367	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Whether definition D.
8368	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Can definition D.
8369	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Side definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Collection definition D.
8370	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: East definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Into definition D.
8371	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Arm definition D.
8372	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: May definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Outside definition D.
8373	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Possible definition D.
8374	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: How definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Before definition D.
8375	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Southern definition D.
8376	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Off definition A. B: The definition B. C: Economy definition C. D: Education definition D.
8377	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Condition definition D.
8378	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Political definition A. B: Artist definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Brother definition D.
8379	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Small definition C. D: Second definition D.
8380	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hand definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Issue definition D.
8381	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: According definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Key definition D.
8382	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Least definition D.
8383	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Per definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Pull definition D.
8384	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Action definition D.
8385	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Company definition D.
8386	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Large definition C. D: College definition D.
8387	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
8388	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Coach definition B. C: Ahead definition C. D: Certain definition D.
8389	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Form definition B. C: These definition C. D: Less definition D.
8390	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Reality definition D.
8391	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Market definition D.
8392	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: White definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
8393	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: First definition B. C: Place definition C. D: All definition D.
8394	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Could definition A. B: He definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Pressure definition D.
8395	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Admit definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
8396	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Year definition B. C: Under definition C. D: Information definition D.
8397	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Clearly definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Fish definition D.
8398	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Political definition B. C: South definition C. D: Quality definition D.
8399	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Total definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: List definition D.
8400	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Office definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Require definition D.
8401	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Camera definition D.
8402	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Everyone definition C. D: Bank definition D.
8403	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Media definition D.
8404	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: I definition C. D: Special definition D.
8405	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Education definition D.
8406	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Ground definition D.
8407	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Entire definition A. B: Believe definition B. C: Something definition C. D: Look definition D.
8408	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Center definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Skin definition C. D: Her definition D.
8409	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: International definition B. C: Why definition C. D: Tree definition D.
8410	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Attack definition D.
8411	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Remember definition D.
8412	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
8413	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Day definition D.
8414	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
8415	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Majority definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Or definition C. D: Career definition D.
8416	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Relate definition D.
8417	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Film definition D.
8418	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Type definition C. D: Party definition D.
8419	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Out definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Discover definition D.
8420	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Military definition D.
8421	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Exist definition C. D: Well definition D.
8422	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Statement definition C. D: Past definition D.
8423	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Space definition D.
8424	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Door definition C. D: Area definition D.
8425	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
8426	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Where definition C. D: He definition D.
8427	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Game definition B. C: General definition C. D: Discover definition D.
8428	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environment definition A. B: Because definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Be definition D.
8429	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Job definition C. D: Speech definition D.
8430	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Less definition B. C: His definition C. D: Ground definition D.
8431	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Must definition A. B: Author definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Work definition D.
8432	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: With definition C. D: Recently definition D.
8433	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cut definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Become definition C. D: Response definition D.
8434	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rise definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Everything definition D.
8435	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Season definition C. D: Interview definition D.
8436	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Central definition D.
8437	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
8438	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Control definition B. C: Chance definition C. D: Direction definition D.
8439	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Lay definition D.
8440	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: War definition D.
8441	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: During definition B. C: Well definition C. D: Practice definition D.
8442	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Stuff definition C. D: Science definition D.
8443	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Drop definition D.
8444	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Vote definition C. D: None definition D.
8445	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Respond definition D.
8446	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fast definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Machine definition D.
8447	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maintain definition A. B: Thank definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Once definition D.
8448	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: House definition D.
8449	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Generation definition A. B: This definition B. C: By definition C. D: Right definition D.
8450	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Say definition D.
8451	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Company definition D.
8452	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: Central definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Because definition D.
8453	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Enjoy definition C. D: Drive definition D.
8454	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Reason definition D.
8455	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Think definition B. C: These definition C. D: Since definition D.
8456	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Money definition D.
8457	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Tv definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Shake definition D.
8458	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Other definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Relate definition C. D: Within definition D.
8459	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Good definition B. C: Important definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
8460	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Understand definition D.
8461	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: In definition B. C: Mouth definition C. D: Loss definition D.
8462	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Buy definition B. C: These definition C. D: Building definition D.
8463	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Up definition B. C: True definition C. D: Describe definition D.
8464	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ground definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Almost definition D.
8465	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Financial definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Need definition D.
8466	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Explain definition D.
8467	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Sister definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Carry definition D.
8468	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Under definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Cell definition D.
8469	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Public definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Remember definition C. D: Into definition D.
8470	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: I definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Remember definition D.
8471	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Save definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Represent definition C. D: Generation definition D.
8472	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Brother definition C. D: Article definition D.
8473	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Image definition C. D: Full definition D.
8474	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Discuss definition C. D: At definition D.
8475	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Oil definition D.
8476	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Himself definition C. D: Later definition D.
8477	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Control definition D.
8478	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Member definition D.
8479	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Republican definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Training definition D.
8480	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Admit definition D.
8481	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Film definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Rule definition D.
8482	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: State definition B. C: She definition C. D: Talk definition D.
8483	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: War definition C. D: Stock definition D.
8484	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Computer definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Media definition D.
8485	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Country definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Agree definition C. D: Position definition D.
8486	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Scene definition D.
8487	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Court definition D.
8488	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Run definition D.
8489	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: West definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Baby definition D.
8490	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Others definition D.
8491	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Board definition B. C: International definition C. D: Court definition D.
8492	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Cover definition D.
8493	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Born definition D.
8494	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dinner definition A. B: Parent definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Put definition D.
8495	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Change definition A. B: Glass definition B. C: Talk definition C. D: Health definition D.
8496	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: War definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Trip definition D.
8497	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: These definition B. C: Book definition C. D: Will definition D.
8498	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Develop definition D.
8499	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Letter definition D.
8500	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Boy definition D.
8501	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Last definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: Next definition C. D: Ground definition D.
8502	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Test definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Just definition D.
8503	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: How definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Fear definition D.
8504	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Stage definition D.
8505	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Away definition D.
8506	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Visit definition C. D: Movie definition D.
8507	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Return definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Kitchen definition C. D: General definition D.
8508	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Network definition C. D: At definition D.
8509	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Response definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Lay definition D.
8510	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Story definition C. D: Decide definition D.
8511	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: American definition C. D: Side definition D.
8512	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: It definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Into definition D.
8513	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: Make definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
8514	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Last definition B. C: By definition C. D: Wife definition D.
8515	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Might definition D.
8516	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: About definition B. C: Above definition C. D: Leave definition D.
8517	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Form definition C. D: Carry definition D.
8518	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Data definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
8519	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Baby definition B. C: Common definition C. D: Speak definition D.
8520	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Often definition D.
8521	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Model definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Able definition D.
8522	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Magazine definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Pick definition D.
8523	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Use definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Effect definition D.
8524	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Reach definition D.
8525	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: Miss definition C. D: Size definition D.
8526	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Nature definition D.
8527	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: Order definition D.
8528	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Look definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Care definition C. D: Write definition D.
8529	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: When definition B. C: Red definition C. D: Early definition D.
8530	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Major definition C. D: Yes definition D.
8531	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Top definition D.
8532	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pass definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
8533	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Federal definition D.
8534	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Site definition C. D: They definition D.
8535	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Same definition D.
8536	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Return definition A. B: Evidence definition B. C: Feel definition C. D: Include definition D.
8537	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sometimes definition A. B: Able definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
8538	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Girl definition A. B: Blood definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Fine definition D.
8539	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Institution definition B. C: Theory definition C. D: View definition D.
8540	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Reflect definition C. D: Ten definition D.
8541	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: Western definition D.
8542	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serious definition A. B: Blood definition B. C: Matter definition C. D: Strong definition D.
8543	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Wish definition D.
8544	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reason definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Summer definition D.
8545	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Their definition B. C: World definition C. D: Growth definition D.
8546	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Threat definition C. D: Low definition D.
8547	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Central definition A. B: Cut definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Become definition D.
8548	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Boy definition A. B: About definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Religious definition D.
8549	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Reach definition C. D: Gas definition D.
8550	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Role definition A. B: Marriage definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: Public definition D.
8551	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: Great definition B. C: As definition C. D: Ready definition D.
8552	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: He definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Word definition D.
8553	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Method definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Author definition C. D: Around definition D.
8554	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Apply definition C. D: Only definition D.
8555	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: His definition B. C: Marriage definition C. D: Other definition D.
8556	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
8557	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: End definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
8558	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Total definition D.
8559	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cost definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Son definition D.
8560	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Shake definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
8561	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Care definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Bank definition D.
8562	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Fire definition D.
8563	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Southern definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Build definition D.
8564	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Act definition C. D: Rate definition D.
8565	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Wind definition D.
8566	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Artist definition D.
8567	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Six definition D.
8568	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Stay definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
8569	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Note definition A. B: First definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Receive definition D.
8570	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
8571	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: View definition C. D: Nor definition D.
8572	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Glass definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: They definition D.
8573	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Possible definition D.
8574	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Street definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Technology definition D.
8575	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Physical definition D.
8576	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Tell definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Behind definition D.
8577	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Wait definition D.
8578	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Meet definition D.
8579	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Spend definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Almost definition D.
8580	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Soldier definition D.
8581	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: We definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Toward definition D.
8582	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Instead definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: South definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
8583	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Score definition D.
8584	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Leg definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Family definition D.
8585	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Expert definition D.
8586	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Interview definition C. D: Might definition D.
8587	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Must definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Project definition D.
8588	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Growth definition D.
8589	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Hour definition C. D: After definition D.
8590	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Science definition D.
8591	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Since definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Television definition D.
8592	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Every definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Say definition D.
8593	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decide definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Program definition D.
8594	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Everyone definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Fire definition D.
8595	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: School definition C. D: Fish definition D.
8596	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: Day definition C. D: Around definition D.
8597	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Need definition A. B: Once definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: East definition D.
8598	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Though definition D.
8599	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: History definition B. C: Break definition C. D: Dark definition D.
8600	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Write definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Too definition D.
8601	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Three definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Fund definition D.
8602	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Else definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: General definition D.
8603	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Popular definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Democrat definition C. D: Subject definition D.
8604	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Republican definition C. D: Apply definition D.
8605	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heavy definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Watch definition C. D: Argue definition D.
8606	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Claim definition C. D: Public definition D.
8607	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agency definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: International definition D.
8608	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Air definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Couple definition D.
8609	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: A definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Red definition D.
8610	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Detail definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: My definition C. D: Week definition D.
8611	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Friend definition C. D: Age definition D.
8612	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Understand definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Company definition C. D: Project definition D.
8613	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: White definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Democrat definition D.
8614	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Affect definition A. B: Generation definition B. C: Heart definition C. D: Social definition D.
8615	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Image definition B. C: Show definition C. D: Station definition D.
8616	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stuff definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: Friend definition C. D: Investment definition D.
8617	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Protect definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: My definition D.
8618	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: Possible definition D.
8619	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
8620	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
8621	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Growth definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Pm definition D.
8622	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Goal definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Big definition D.
8623	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Situation definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Three definition D.
8624	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Action definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Yes definition D.
8625	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Still definition D.
8626	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: May definition B. C: One definition C. D: New definition D.
8627	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Father definition D.
8628	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Month definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Study definition D.
8629	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Describe definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Network definition D.
8630	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Find definition C. D: Party definition D.
8631	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Improve definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Experience definition D.
8632	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plant definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Myself definition D.
8633	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Skill definition A. B: Husband definition B. C: Perform definition C. D: Young definition D.
8634	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Run definition B. C: View definition C. D: Know definition D.
8635	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: List definition B. C: He definition C. D: Activity definition D.
8636	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Purpose definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Police definition D.
8637	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: History definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Term definition D.
8638	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Night definition D.
8639	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Born definition D.
8640	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Audience definition C. D: Front definition D.
8641	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Collection definition D.
8642	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Within definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Authority definition C. D: Born definition D.
8643	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ball definition A. B: Study definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Story definition D.
8644	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Training definition A. B: Down definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Month definition D.
8645	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Join definition D.
8646	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Half definition C. D: Instead definition D.
8647	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Off definition B. C: Right definition C. D: Discover definition D.
8648	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tax definition A. B: Central definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Yes definition D.
8649	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Management definition D.
8650	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Note definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Song definition D.
8651	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Break definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Be definition D.
8652	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: End definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Value definition D.
8653	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: I definition B. C: Care definition C. D: By definition D.
8654	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Ask definition D.
8655	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Age definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Toward definition D.
8656	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: List definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Court definition D.
8657	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Figure definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: This definition D.
8658	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Industry definition C. D: Probably definition D.
8659	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: With definition B. C: Stay definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
8660	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Want definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Rise definition D.
8661	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Full definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Feel definition D.
8662	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Friend definition C. D: Assume definition D.
8663	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Movie definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Of definition D.
8664	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Plan definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Full definition C. D: Break definition D.
8665	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Despite definition B. C: These definition C. D: Great definition D.
8666	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mind definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Share definition C. D: With definition D.
8667	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: During definition C. D: Fish definition D.
8668	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Maybe definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Student definition D.
8669	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Center definition C. D: Increase definition D.
8670	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Toward definition D.
8671	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Seven definition D.
8672	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movement definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Similar definition D.
8673	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Sound definition B. C: Really definition C. D: Vote definition D.
8674	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Rise definition D.
8675	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: World definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Reality definition D.
8676	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Anything definition C. D: Series definition D.
8677	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Long definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Black definition D.
8678	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enough definition A. B: Option definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Rich definition D.
8679	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Special definition C. D: Must definition D.
8680	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: Network definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Congress definition D.
8681	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: Discuss definition D.
8682	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Various definition B. C: Beautiful definition C. D: Hand definition D.
8683	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Water definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Add definition D.
8684	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Voice definition C. D: Street definition D.
8685	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economic definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Manager definition D.
8686	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Under definition C. D: More definition D.
8687	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Office definition C. D: System definition D.
8688	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Increase definition D.
8689	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bank definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Movement definition D.
8690	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Human definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Should definition D.
8691	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Several definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
8692	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Defense definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Water definition D.
8693	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Item definition C. D: During definition D.
8694	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Draw definition D.
8695	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
8696	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Assume definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Partner definition D.
8697	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Wear definition D.
8698	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Bad definition D.
8699	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Piece definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: State definition C. D: Good definition D.
8700	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Special definition D.
8701	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Cup definition D.
8702	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Four definition C. D: And definition D.
8703	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: These definition D.
8704	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Event definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
8705	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Class definition D.
8706	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Human definition D.
8707	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Explain definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Audience definition D.
8708	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Rock definition C. D: Raise definition D.
8709	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Thus definition D.
8710	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: My definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Manager definition D.
8711	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Room definition D.
8712	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Officer definition A. B: Have definition B. C: After definition C. D: Training definition D.
8713	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Quality definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Lead definition D.
8714	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: My definition C. D: Hot definition D.
8715	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Full definition D.
8716	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Home definition D.
8717	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Collection definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
8718	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Carry definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Us definition D.
8719	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Election definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: Less definition D.
8720	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: But definition A. B: American definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Purpose definition D.
8721	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Walk definition C. D: Little definition D.
8722	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: My definition D.
8723	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Level definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: One definition D.
8724	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Health definition A. B: Specific definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Worker definition D.
8725	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Purpose definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Kind definition D.
8726	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Meeting definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
8727	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Whom definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Store definition D.
8728	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Or definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Last definition D.
8729	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Red definition D.
8730	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Brother definition D.
8731	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Information definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Base definition D.
8732	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Everybody definition D.
8733	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Single definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: After definition C. D: After definition D.
8734	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: These definition C. D: Up definition D.
8735	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Send definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Million definition D.
8736	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Member definition D.
8737	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Growth definition B. C: Enough definition C. D: At definition D.
8738	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Range definition D.
8739	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bar definition A. B: People definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Guess definition D.
8740	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Any definition D.
8741	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Involve definition D.
8742	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Last definition D.
8743	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Course definition D.
8744	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Third definition C. D: Instead definition D.
8745	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Last definition D.
8746	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Approach definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Various definition C. D: Pay definition D.
8747	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Skin definition D.
8748	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Adult definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Statement definition D.
8749	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Employee definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Mr definition C. D: Perform definition D.
8750	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particular definition A. B: South definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Cultural definition D.
8751	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Involve definition D.
8752	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Real definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: From definition D.
8753	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quite definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Speech definition D.
8754	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Affect definition C. D: Amount definition D.
8755	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Open definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Receive definition D.
8756	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Before definition A. B: She definition B. C: Simply definition C. D: Including definition D.
8757	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Begin definition A. B: As definition B. C: Perhaps definition C. D: Authority definition D.
8758	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sort definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Another definition D.
8759	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Program definition D.
8760	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Call definition B. C: Thank definition C. D: There definition D.
8761	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Ago definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Drive definition D.
8762	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: State definition B. C: World definition C. D: Notice definition D.
8763	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Take definition C. D: Single definition D.
8764	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: War definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Various definition D.
8765	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Between definition C. D: Structure definition D.
8766	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Worry definition C. D: Next definition D.
8767	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Sense definition C. D: Learn definition D.
8768	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Player definition D.
8769	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: List definition C. D: Face definition D.
8770	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Bring definition D.
8771	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Able definition C. D: Throughout definition D.
8772	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Seven definition D.
8773	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Success definition A. B: Professional definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Increase definition D.
8774	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Risk definition D.
8775	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Radio definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: In definition D.
8776	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Information definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Trouble definition C. D: Paper definition D.
8777	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Here definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Cut definition D.
8778	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Would definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Break definition D.
8779	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Fire definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Sell definition D.
8780	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Thousand definition C. D: Hour definition D.
8781	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Give definition C. D: Want definition D.
8782	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Side definition D.
8783	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thing definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Apply definition D.
8784	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Education definition D.
8785	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Movement definition D.
8786	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Meeting definition C. D: Watch definition D.
8787	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Glass definition D.
8788	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Front definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Despite definition D.
8789	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Involve definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Spend definition D.
8790	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Prove definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Century definition D.
8791	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Girl definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Most definition D.
8792	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Professional definition C. D: Political definition D.
8793	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Very definition D.
8794	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Thus definition B. C: Call definition C. D: Cover definition D.
8795	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Forward definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Media definition D.
8796	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Increase definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Effort definition D.
8797	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Some definition A. B: Sport definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Source definition D.
8798	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Your definition C. D: Successful definition D.
8799	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: State definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Election definition D.
8800	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Particular definition D.
8801	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: After definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Region definition D.
8802	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whether definition A. B: Tv definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
8803	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Break definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Audience definition D.
8804	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Born definition A. B: Ever definition B. C: Term definition C. D: Of definition D.
8805	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Century definition C. D: Building definition D.
8806	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Play definition D.
8807	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Require definition A. B: Main definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Example definition D.
8808	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Life definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Level definition C. D: History definition D.
8809	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Tax definition C. D: Remember definition D.
8810	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: White definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Activity definition D.
8811	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Capital definition C. D: Him definition D.
8812	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: War definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
8813	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Follow definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Card definition D.
8814	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Be definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Eight definition D.
8815	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Other definition D.
8816	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: By definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Cultural definition C. D: Instead definition D.
8817	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wonder definition A. B: In definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Amount definition D.
8818	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feeling definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Tv definition D.
8819	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suffer definition A. B: Report definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Everybody definition D.
8820	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: In definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Truth definition C. D: Finish definition D.
8821	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Husband definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Approach definition C. D: Major definition D.
8822	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ready definition A. B: Plant definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Child definition D.
8823	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Too definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Hit definition D.
8824	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Million definition C. D: Move definition D.
8825	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Measure definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Star definition C. D: Street definition D.
8826	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Technology definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
8827	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Part definition B. C: School definition C. D: Hard definition D.
8828	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: To definition B. C: Place definition C. D: Every definition D.
8829	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hundred definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Assume definition C. D: Page definition D.
8830	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Make definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Expect definition D.
8831	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Current definition C. D: Raise definition D.
8832	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Number definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Half definition D.
8833	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Economy definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Able definition D.
8834	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Watch definition B. C: Station definition C. D: Best definition D.
8835	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lead definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Morning definition D.
8836	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mouth definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Dream definition D.
8837	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Front definition D.
8838	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Top definition B. C: Foreign definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
8839	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Cell definition D.
8840	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Money definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
8841	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Always definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Leg definition D.
8842	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: See definition B. C: Draw definition C. D: Morning definition D.
8843	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Degree definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Those definition C. D: By definition D.
8844	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Produce definition D.
8845	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Floor definition A. B: After definition B. C: Case definition C. D: Service definition D.
8846	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Choose definition D.
8847	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Say definition C. D: Action definition D.
8848	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Lay definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Born definition D.
8849	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Clear definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Could definition D.
8850	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: However definition B. C: Expert definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
8851	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: According definition C. D: Effort definition D.
8852	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Accept definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Minute definition C. D: Unit definition D.
8853	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
8854	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: I definition C. D: Of definition D.
8855	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Find definition B. C: Serious definition C. D: Likely definition D.
8856	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: There definition B. C: There definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
8857	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Reflect definition D.
8858	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Meeting definition D.
8859	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Actually definition A. B: Keep definition B. C: Ground definition C. D: Per definition D.
8860	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Sea definition D.
8861	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Manage definition C. D: Step definition D.
8862	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scientist definition A. B: Thought definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Agent definition D.
8863	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: That definition C. D: Probably definition D.
8864	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sit definition A. B: Share definition B. C: Federal definition C. D: South definition D.
8865	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Control definition D.
8866	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: While definition A. B: Type definition B. C: Base definition C. D: Human definition D.
8867	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Significant definition B. C: South definition C. D: Fly definition D.
8868	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Find definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Indeed definition D.
8869	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decision definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Enter definition D.
8870	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
8871	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Government definition A. B: Guy definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Whole definition D.
8872	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Myself definition D.
8873	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Front definition C. D: Let definition D.
8874	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Return definition D.
8875	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Yes definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Near definition D.
8876	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Institution definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Player definition D.
8877	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: East definition A. B: Billion definition B. C: Open definition C. D: Think definition D.
8878	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Research definition B. C: Site definition C. D: Investment definition D.
8879	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Everything definition D.
8880	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Claim definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: Vote definition D.
8881	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hair definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Fight definition D.
8882	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Party definition B. C: Water definition C. D: Kind definition D.
8883	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Deep definition B. C: Teach definition C. D: Direction definition D.
8884	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Guy definition D.
8885	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Either definition D.
8886	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Form definition D.
8887	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Talk definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Or definition D.
8888	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: What definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Front definition D.
8889	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Table definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Military definition D.
8890	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: Contain definition C. D: Public definition D.
8891	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Amount definition A. B: Color definition B. C: School definition C. D: Lose definition D.
8892	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Car definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Write definition D.
8893	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Miss definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Mission definition D.
8894	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Opportunity definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Want definition D.
8895	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Enough definition D.
8896	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: His definition B. C: South definition C. D: For definition D.
8897	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Court definition A. B: Describe definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Song definition D.
8898	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Represent definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Cut definition C. D: Treatment definition D.
8899	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Best definition A. B: Give definition B. C: Series definition C. D: Participant definition D.
8900	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Leg definition D.
8901	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Fact definition D.
8902	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suddenly definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Shake definition D.
8903	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Produce definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Middle definition D.
8904	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Player definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Live definition D.
8905	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reveal definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Just definition D.
8906	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Care definition B. C: Laugh definition C. D: Since definition D.
8907	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: City definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Speak definition D.
8908	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Follow definition A. B: Effect definition B. C: Western definition C. D: Door definition D.
8909	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Think definition B. C: Firm definition C. D: Check definition D.
8910	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Yes definition C. D: Cover definition D.
8911	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Spend definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Policy definition D.
8912	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Under definition D.
8913	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Claim definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Television definition D.
8914	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mrs definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Street definition C. D: Sometimes definition D.
8915	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Ever definition C. D: Five definition D.
8916	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Hotel definition C. D: Sound definition D.
8917	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Light definition C. D: Glass definition D.
8918	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: After definition D.
8919	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Why definition B. C: Quality definition C. D: Black definition D.
8920	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
8921	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Table definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Clearly definition C. D: Course definition D.
8922	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fish definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Wonder definition C. D: Process definition D.
8923	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Amount definition C. D: Production definition D.
8924	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Nice definition C. D: Major definition D.
8925	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Reach definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Quite definition D.
8926	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Sort definition C. D: Customer definition D.
8927	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wish definition A. B: Throw definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: President definition D.
8928	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sense definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Set definition C. D: Still definition D.
8929	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: When definition D.
8930	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: Traditional definition C. D: Modern definition D.
8931	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
8932	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Who definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Page definition C. D: Response definition D.
8933	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Without definition C. D: Down definition D.
8934	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Share definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Just definition C. D: Herself definition D.
8935	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Resource definition D.
8936	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Table definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Catch definition D.
8937	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Cup definition D.
8938	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Mouth definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Travel definition D.
8939	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Play definition D.
8940	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Support definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Remain definition D.
8941	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Them definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Person definition D.
8942	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mean definition A. B: Skill definition B. C: Where definition C. D: Recently definition D.
8943	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Live definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Mean definition D.
8944	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Product definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
8945	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Decide definition D.
8946	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Institution definition A. B: Impact definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Firm definition D.
8947	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Century definition A. B: Design definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Represent definition D.
8948	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: No definition D.
8949	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: For definition A. B: Public definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Attention definition D.
8950	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Personal definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Realize definition D.
8951	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Officer definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Plant definition D.
8952	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Music definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Wish definition C. D: Often definition D.
8953	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Son definition B. C: Mention definition C. D: Appear definition D.
8954	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Future definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Game definition D.
8955	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Father definition D.
8956	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: When definition D.
8957	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: President definition D.
8958	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Product definition B. C: And definition C. D: Material definition D.
8959	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Also definition D.
8960	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Executive definition A. B: You definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
8961	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Event definition B. C: His definition C. D: Share definition D.
8962	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mr definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: Artist definition D.
8963	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pressure definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Throw definition C. D: Mean definition D.
8964	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Air definition C. D: Speak definition D.
8965	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Especially definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
8966	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Establish definition B. C: Agency definition C. D: Teach definition D.
8967	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Six definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Area definition D.
8968	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Start definition D.
8969	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wind definition A. B: Almost definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Teach definition D.
8970	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Travel definition B. C: Although definition C. D: Least definition D.
8971	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Fall definition D.
8972	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: History definition B. C: Office definition C. D: Entire definition D.
8973	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effort definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Arm definition C. D: Guess definition D.
8974	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Others definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Could definition D.
8975	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rock definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Stop definition C. D: Sell definition D.
8976	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Bed definition B. C: Mission definition C. D: Capital definition D.
8977	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lay definition A. B: Star definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Paper definition D.
8978	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Per definition D.
8979	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Decide definition B. C: City definition C. D: Break definition D.
8980	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Think definition C. D: Show definition D.
8981	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: Ago definition C. D: If definition D.
8982	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Paper definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: My definition D.
8983	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Hand definition C. D: High definition D.
8984	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Still definition C. D: Represent definition D.
8985	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Course definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Different definition D.
8986	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Executive definition B. C: Role definition C. D: According definition D.
8987	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interesting definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: How definition C. D: Cup definition D.
8988	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Continue definition B. C: Dinner definition C. D: Authority definition D.
8989	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Born definition D.
8990	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Example definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Together definition C. D: Put definition D.
8991	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Receive definition A. B: Late definition B. C: Significant definition C. D: Form definition D.
8992	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Special definition A. B: Teach definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Dog definition D.
8993	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Key definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Training definition D.
8994	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Bank definition C. D: Blood definition D.
8995	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Charge definition D.
8996	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Into definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Your definition D.
8997	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
8998	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Already definition D.
8999	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ever definition A. B: Food definition B. C: By definition C. D: Behind definition D.
9000	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Establish definition C. D: Add definition D.
9001	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Time definition B. C: Reveal definition C. D: Use definition D.
9002	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sport definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Week definition C. D: Center definition D.
9003	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Daughter definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Five definition D.
9004	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Any definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Scene definition D.
9005	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Agent definition C. D: Daughter definition D.
9006	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Safe definition B. C: Next definition C. D: Today definition D.
9007	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Weight definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: Later definition D.
9008	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Week definition C. D: Room definition D.
9009	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: List definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
9010	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Director definition C. D: Hear definition D.
9011	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pay definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Product definition C. D: Shake definition D.
9012	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Assume definition B. C: Significant definition C. D: Left definition D.
9013	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Late definition D.
9014	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Article definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Wind definition D.
9015	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Compare definition A. B: Fight definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Area definition D.
9016	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nearly definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Loss definition C. D: Thing definition D.
9017	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: School definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Myself definition D.
9018	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Available definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Still definition D.
9019	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Story definition A. B: Your definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Space definition D.
9020	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Common definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Dark definition C. D: Officer definition D.
9021	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Make definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
9022	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Her definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Spend definition D.
9023	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Air definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: Strong definition D.
9024	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Because definition D.
9025	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Run definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Long definition D.
9026	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: Tonight definition B. C: While definition C. D: They definition D.
9027	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: College definition D.
9028	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Art definition A. B: Economy definition B. C: Will definition C. D: After definition D.
9029	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: It definition B. C: Guy definition C. D: Remember definition D.
9030	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Today definition A. B: Way definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Mouth definition D.
9031	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Five definition D.
9032	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Education definition A. B: Address definition B. C: Huge definition C. D: Husband definition D.
9033	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Although definition C. D: With definition D.
9034	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wear definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Option definition D.
9035	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Board definition B. C: Feeling definition C. D: Able definition D.
9036	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stand definition A. B: Laugh definition B. C: Area definition C. D: Force definition D.
9037	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Inside definition B. C: Debate definition C. D: Walk definition D.
9038	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Wide definition C. D: Protect definition D.
9039	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Test definition C. D: Science definition D.
9040	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Suddenly definition C. D: Across definition D.
9041	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Whose definition D.
9042	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: May definition C. D: Into definition D.
9043	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Six definition D.
9044	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Woman definition B. C: Them definition C. D: Adult definition D.
9045	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Data definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: However definition D.
9046	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Back definition D.
9047	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rather definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Itself definition D.
9048	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Where definition A. B: Join definition B. C: Election definition C. D: Director definition D.
9049	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Model definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
9050	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Little definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Ago definition D.
9051	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Bit definition C. D: Degree definition D.
9052	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Modern definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Manager definition D.
9053	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: Process definition B. C: Effect definition C. D: Doctor definition D.
9054	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Cell definition D.
9055	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: More definition C. D: Including definition D.
9056	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Kind definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Security definition D.
9057	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Range definition D.
9058	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Book definition D.
9059	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Physical definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Above definition D.
9060	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Rate definition D.
9061	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Draw definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Garden definition D.
9062	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Direction definition B. C: Stand definition C. D: Team definition D.
9063	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Indicate definition D.
9064	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Himself definition D.
9065	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Book definition B. C: Her definition C. D: Alone definition D.
9066	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Room definition A. B: Mrs definition B. C: Consider definition C. D: According definition D.
9067	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Political definition D.
9068	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Size definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Medical definition D.
9069	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Media definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Magazine definition D.
9070	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Sea definition B. C: Level definition C. D: Couple definition D.
9071	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Phone definition D.
9072	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Involve definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Center definition D.
9073	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Individual definition A. B: Themselves definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Center definition D.
9074	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Listen definition C. D: Audience definition D.
9075	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Task definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Your definition D.
9076	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Talk definition D.
9077	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: High definition D.
9078	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Break definition D.
9079	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Continue definition A. B: Food definition B. C: Site definition C. D: People definition D.
9080	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Alone definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Myself definition C. D: Dark definition D.
9081	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: National definition A. B: Try definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: Five definition D.
9082	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beat definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Response definition D.
9083	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: New definition C. D: Partner definition D.
9084	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Week definition D.
9085	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perhaps definition A. B: Discussion definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Vote definition D.
9086	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consumer definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Group definition D.
9087	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exactly definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Get definition D.
9088	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Both definition A. B: Team definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Clear definition D.
9089	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Already definition A. B: National definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: We definition D.
9090	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Recently definition D.
9091	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everybody definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Myself definition D.
9092	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: House definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Manage definition D.
9093	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Knowledge definition C. D: Box definition D.
9094	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: I definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Adult definition C. D: Level definition D.
9095	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Factor definition B. C: Important definition C. D: Military definition D.
9096	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Set definition A. B: Crime definition B. C: North definition C. D: Have definition D.
9097	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Firm definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: There definition D.
9098	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Public definition D.
9099	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Research definition C. D: Six definition D.
9100	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: At definition D.
9101	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trip definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: Small definition D.
9102	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Know definition B. C: Point definition C. D: Air definition D.
9103	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Unit definition D.
9104	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Much definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Usually definition D.
9105	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Lot definition D.
9106	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Financial definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Travel definition C. D: President definition D.
9107	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Animal definition B. C: Light definition C. D: This definition D.
9108	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Simply definition D.
9109	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Next definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Throw definition D.
9110	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Citizen definition C. D: Back definition D.
9111	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eye definition A. B: Risk definition B. C: Significant definition C. D: Treatment definition D.
9112	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Bill definition B. C: East definition C. D: Environment definition D.
9113	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rate definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Fact definition C. D: Affect definition D.
9114	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Such definition B. C: Every definition C. D: General definition D.
9115	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Send definition A. B: Do definition B. C: Board definition C. D: Wind definition D.
9116	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Card definition A. B: First definition B. C: Few definition C. D: Speak definition D.
9117	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Score definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Difference definition D.
9118	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Always definition C. D: House definition D.
9119	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Road definition B. C: Movement definition C. D: Boy definition D.
9120	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Voice definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Yard definition D.
9121	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Movement definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
9122	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Picture definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Personal definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
9123	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Chair definition B. C: Security definition C. D: Piece definition D.
9124	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Door definition D.
9125	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Defense definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Why definition D.
9126	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Yet definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Radio definition D.
9127	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Or definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Pay definition D.
9128	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Month definition C. D: Than definition D.
9129	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: North definition A. B: Perform definition B. C: Five definition C. D: Attention definition D.
9130	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Raise definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: Traditional definition D.
9131	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Seat definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Live definition C. D: Growth definition D.
9132	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Focus definition D.
9133	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Base definition D.
9134	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Campaign definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Can definition D.
9135	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Money definition A. B: Although definition B. C: Class definition C. D: Wind definition D.
9136	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Final definition B. C: Little definition C. D: Approach definition D.
9137	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Community definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Career definition D.
9138	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Room definition C. D: Stay definition D.
9139	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Idea definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Natural definition D.
9140	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Course definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Century definition D.
9141	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Such definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: Positive definition C. D: Trip definition D.
9142	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Model definition D.
9143	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Store definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Report definition C. D: Enter definition D.
9144	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Whether definition D.
9145	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Building definition A. B: Nature definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Remember definition D.
9146	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Technology definition C. D: Culture definition D.
9147	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Nearly definition C. D: Factor definition D.
9148	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Wear definition C. D: Central definition D.
9149	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Put definition A. B: Many definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
9150	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Church definition A. B: Stage definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Month definition D.
9151	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Shoulder definition B. C: About definition C. D: Lay definition D.
9152	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Reason definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Investment definition D.
9153	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Box definition C. D: Full definition D.
9154	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: World definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Shake definition D.
9155	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Work definition D.
9156	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Their definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Development definition D.
9157	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Close definition A. B: Night definition B. C: Like definition C. D: Would definition D.
9158	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Around definition A. B: Civil definition B. C: Responsibility definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
9159	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Year definition A. B: Garden definition B. C: And definition C. D: Eight definition D.
9160	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: Picture definition B. C: Institution definition C. D: Work definition D.
9161	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Again definition A. B: Nor definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Current definition D.
9162	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Once definition D.
9163	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Politics definition C. D: Sing definition D.
9164	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Section definition D.
9165	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nor definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Share definition C. D: Media definition D.
9166	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Four definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9167	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wide definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Beat definition C. D: Section definition D.
9168	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: This definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Cold definition D.
9169	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Style definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Threat definition D.
9170	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Us definition D.
9171	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Director definition C. D: Century definition D.
9172	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Actually definition D.
9173	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Value definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Raise definition D.
9174	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Close definition B. C: News definition C. D: Outside definition D.
9175	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Vote definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Deal definition C. D: Measure definition D.
9176	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Note definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: Far definition D.
9177	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attention definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Hair definition D.
9178	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: President definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Us definition D.
9179	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eat definition A. B: Fill definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Study definition D.
9180	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: The definition C. D: Travel definition D.
9181	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Difficult definition C. D: Take definition D.
9182	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Foot definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Article definition C. D: Case definition D.
9183	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Shake definition A. B: Rate definition B. C: Away definition C. D: Home definition D.
9184	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Community definition B. C: Forward definition C. D: Begin definition D.
9185	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Provide definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Think definition D.
9186	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Product definition D.
9187	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Second definition D.
9188	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Market definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
9189	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Someone definition C. D: Actually definition D.
9190	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Even definition B. C: Parent definition C. D: Child definition D.
9191	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: In definition B. C: Worker definition C. D: Explain definition D.
9192	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Method definition C. D: Actually definition D.
9193	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Near definition B. C: Big definition C. D: Environment definition D.
9194	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Industry definition B. C: Within definition C. D: Down definition D.
9195	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Game definition C. D: Course definition D.
9196	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cold definition A. B: Rise definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Partner definition D.
9197	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: Hard definition C. D: Several definition D.
9198	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Table definition A. B: Then definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Economic definition D.
9199	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: Step definition B. C: South definition C. D: Industry definition D.
9200	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Finish definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Visit definition D.
9201	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Nothing definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
9202	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: If definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Foot definition C. D: Factor definition D.
9203	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Play definition C. D: After definition D.
9204	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Especially definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Allow definition C. D: She definition D.
9205	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Once definition D.
9206	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Name definition B. C: Memory definition C. D: Shake definition D.
9207	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agree definition A. B: Wide definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Medical definition D.
9208	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Necessary definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Service definition C. D: Fight definition D.
9209	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Support definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Color definition D.
9210	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Reach definition D.
9211	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Conference definition C. D: Example definition D.
9212	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: So definition D.
9213	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Production definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Need definition C. D: Computer definition D.
9214	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Local definition B. C: Material definition C. D: Rather definition D.
9215	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sing definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Create definition C. D: Born definition D.
9216	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Program definition C. D: Five definition D.
9217	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Well definition B. C: We definition C. D: Usually definition D.
9218	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Challenge definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
9219	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Language definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Only definition D.
9220	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Those definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Network definition D.
9221	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: We definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Card definition C. D: The definition D.
9222	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Store definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Ok definition D.
9223	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Agree definition B. C: Kid definition C. D: Even definition D.
9224	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Cause definition D.
9225	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: To definition A. B: Discuss definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Moment definition D.
9226	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mission definition A. B: Firm definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Eight definition D.
9227	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: According definition B. C: Example definition C. D: Toward definition D.
9228	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Simple definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Recent definition D.
9229	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Personal definition A. B: Material definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Follow definition D.
9230	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Environmental definition A. B: Until definition B. C: Because definition C. D: Argue definition D.
9231	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rich definition A. B: Street definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Create definition D.
9232	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Remain definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Bill definition C. D: Establish definition D.
9233	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Worker definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Manage definition D.
9234	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Will definition C. D: Strong definition D.
9235	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: White definition C. D: Service definition D.
9236	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dream definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Majority definition D.
9237	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: It definition B. C: Order definition C. D: Civil definition D.
9238	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Admit definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Week definition D.
9239	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Environment definition B. C: Grow definition C. D: There definition D.
9240	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nation definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: These definition C. D: Tree definition D.
9241	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Present definition D.
9242	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Usually definition A. B: Material definition B. C: It definition C. D: Ask definition D.
9243	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Purpose definition A. B: Morning definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: Development definition D.
9244	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Four definition A. B: Quickly definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Adult definition D.
9245	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Often definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Southern definition D.
9246	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Day definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Impact definition C. D: Owner definition D.
9247	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Half definition B. C: Candidate definition C. D: Every definition D.
9248	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
9249	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Allow definition B. C: Medical definition C. D: Nice definition D.
9250	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Think definition A. B: Fear definition B. C: Member definition C. D: Smile definition D.
9251	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Way definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Concern definition D.
9252	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Dream definition C. D: Might definition D.
9253	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Chance definition B. C: According definition C. D: Article definition D.
9254	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Majority definition B. C: Speech definition C. D: Admit definition D.
9255	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: The definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: There definition D.
9256	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Nation definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Wonder definition D.
9257	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Since definition D.
9258	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Race definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Above definition D.
9259	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
9260	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Recent definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Individual definition D.
9261	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Head definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Begin definition C. D: Both definition D.
9262	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Summer definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Wrong definition C. D: Despite definition D.
9263	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reality definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Might definition C. D: Truth definition D.
9264	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Fight definition D.
9265	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Of definition A. B: Not definition B. C: Already definition C. D: Long definition D.
9266	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Administration definition B. C: Central definition C. D: His definition D.
9267	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Garden definition A. B: Peace definition B. C: Senior definition C. D: Change definition D.
9268	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Season definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Purpose definition C. D: Message definition D.
9269	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Sometimes definition C. D: Art definition D.
9270	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Police definition C. D: Candidate definition D.
9271	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: Move definition B. C: Word definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
9272	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: None definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Again definition D.
9273	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Against definition A. B: Feeling definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Long definition D.
9274	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Hair definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Than definition D.
9275	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: When definition C. D: Try definition D.
9276	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Rock definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: General definition D.
9277	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Couple definition B. C: Can definition C. D: Condition definition D.
9278	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Choice definition D.
9279	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Decide definition D.
9280	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tend definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Modern definition D.
9281	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Education definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Rule definition D.
9282	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Subject definition A. B: Deal definition B. C: Public definition C. D: Tough definition D.
9283	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Article definition B. C: Upon definition C. D: Break definition D.
9284	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Religious definition A. B: After definition B. C: Night definition C. D: Yes definition D.
9285	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Game definition B. C: Future definition C. D: Game definition D.
9286	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Degree definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Black definition D.
9287	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: Receive definition B. C: Option definition C. D: Official definition D.
9288	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Goal definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Behavior definition D.
9289	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Cup definition C. D: Water definition D.
9290	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Any definition A. B: Middle definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Current definition D.
9291	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: Focus definition C. D: Right definition D.
9292	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Suggest definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Story definition D.
9293	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Heavy definition B. C: For definition C. D: Product definition D.
9294	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: House definition C. D: Ask definition D.
9295	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Doctor definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Cut definition D.
9296	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Answer definition B. C: Picture definition C. D: Man definition D.
9297	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Spring definition D.
9298	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: Seven definition C. D: Leave definition D.
9299	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Avoid definition B. C: Benefit definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
9300	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whose definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Carry definition C. D: Leader definition D.
9301	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Write definition A. B: People definition B. C: Line definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
9302	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Film definition A. B: Cover definition B. C: She definition C. D: Feeling definition D.
9303	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Perhaps definition B. C: Take definition C. D: Break definition D.
9304	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Statement definition A. B: Different definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Yes definition D.
9305	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: Compare definition D.
9306	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Score definition D.
9307	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Must definition D.
9308	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Official definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Dinner definition D.
9309	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Probably definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Always definition C. D: Eye definition D.
9310	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Project definition A. B: Weight definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Everything definition D.
9311	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Could definition C. D: Out definition D.
9312	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Turn definition A. B: Role definition B. C: Whom definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9313	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Involve definition C. D: Decision definition D.
9314	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: New definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Seek definition D.
9315	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Street definition A. B: Last definition B. C: It definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
9316	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Safe definition D.
9317	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Present definition B. C: Blue definition C. D: Question definition D.
9318	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nothing definition A. B: Leg definition B. C: Product definition C. D: Line definition D.
9319	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Born definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Nature definition C. D: Rate definition D.
9320	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Who definition C. D: Identify definition D.
9321	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Anyone definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Available definition C. D: Six definition D.
9322	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Main definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: Once definition D.
9323	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Go definition C. D: Follow definition D.
9324	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Their definition C. D: Wait definition D.
9325	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teach definition A. B: West definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Blood definition D.
9326	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Plan definition B. C: Executive definition C. D: End definition D.
9327	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Early definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
9328	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Certainly definition B. C: Those definition C. D: Like definition D.
9329	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Also definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Occur definition D.
9330	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Raise definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
9331	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Deep definition A. B: I definition B. C: Must definition C. D: Tax definition D.
9332	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Low definition C. D: Become definition D.
9333	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: True definition A. B: Director definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Nature definition D.
9334	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Record definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
9335	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Why definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Long definition D.
9336	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Serve definition C. D: Cause definition D.
9337	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: No definition C. D: Win definition D.
9338	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Admit definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Society definition D.
9339	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manage definition A. B: Red definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Upon definition D.
9340	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Each definition A. B: Rich definition B. C: Energy definition C. D: Course definition D.
9341	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Home definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Magazine definition C. D: Push definition D.
9342	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Education definition C. D: Necessary definition D.
9343	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Natural definition C. D: School definition D.
9344	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Among definition A. B: Lose definition B. C: Today definition C. D: All definition D.
9345	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Tough definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Hope definition D.
9346	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: About definition B. C: Tree definition C. D: Get definition D.
9347	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Than definition B. C: Improve definition C. D: Scientist definition D.
9348	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Page definition A. B: Stock definition B. C: Near definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
9349	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Reason definition C. D: List definition D.
9350	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Budget definition A. B: Hundred definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Head definition D.
9351	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Wind definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Would definition D.
9352	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Allow definition A. B: Himself definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Process definition D.
9353	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yourself definition A. B: Fall definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Start definition D.
9354	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Condition definition A. B: Catch definition B. C: General definition C. D: Believe definition D.
9355	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Scene definition A. B: Science definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Arm definition D.
9356	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: Affect definition B. C: About definition C. D: Affect definition D.
9357	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Small definition A. B: New definition B. C: Once definition C. D: Point definition D.
9358	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Happen definition C. D: Election definition D.
9359	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Whose definition B. C: Particularly definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
9360	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Father definition A. B: American definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: White definition D.
9361	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Experience definition B. C: We definition C. D: Direction definition D.
9362	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Memory definition A. B: Point definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Institution definition D.
9363	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Hit definition D.
9364	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bit definition A. B: Eye definition B. C: Point definition C. D: War definition D.
9365	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Operation definition C. D: Fight definition D.
9366	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Occur definition A. B: Drug definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Consider definition D.
9367	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sell definition A. B: Produce definition B. C: Feel definition C. D: Son definition D.
9368	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Theory definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Control definition D.
9369	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Join definition C. D: Morning definition D.
9370	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: At definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Itself definition D.
9371	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: By definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Work definition D.
9372	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Happy definition A. B: Charge definition B. C: Style definition C. D: Able definition D.
9373	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Be definition A. B: New definition B. C: Choose definition C. D: Alone definition D.
9374	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Explain definition A. B: Teacher definition B. C: Billion definition C. D: Nature definition D.
9375	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: However definition B. C: Leader definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
9376	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Couple definition A. B: Health definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Stuff definition D.
9377	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Moment definition A. B: Tend definition B. C: Key definition C. D: Organization definition D.
9378	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Rise definition C. D: Common definition D.
9379	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Own definition A. B: Type definition B. C: College definition C. D: Administration definition D.
9380	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: With definition A. B: No definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Admit definition D.
9381	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Near definition A. B: Speech definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Guess definition D.
9382	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Chance definition A. B: Second definition B. C: Across definition C. D: Soon definition D.
9383	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Official definition A. B: Hotel definition B. C: Store definition C. D: Best definition D.
9384	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arm definition A. B: Campaign definition B. C: Detail definition C. D: Current definition D.
9385	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Consider definition D.
9386	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Range definition B. C: Around definition C. D: However definition D.
9387	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speak definition A. B: Agreement definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Speak definition D.
9388	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Clear definition C. D: Computer definition D.
9389	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Across definition B. C: Ten definition C. D: Increase definition D.
9390	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Minute definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: List definition C. D: Feel definition D.
9391	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Provide definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Education definition D.
9392	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Buy definition A. B: Into definition B. C: Add definition C. D: Instead definition D.
9393	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Everyone definition A. B: Political definition B. C: There definition C. D: Create definition D.
9394	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Upon definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Center definition D.
9395	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Finish definition B. C: Far definition C. D: Structure definition D.
9396	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Door definition A. B: Rule definition B. C: I definition C. D: Single definition D.
9397	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: Tree definition B. C: So definition C. D: Assume definition D.
9398	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Area definition A. B: Although definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
9399	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Sure definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Special definition D.
9400	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Break definition A. B: Hospital definition B. C: If definition C. D: After definition D.
9401	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Team definition C. D: Charge definition D.
9402	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reach definition A. B: Place definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Short definition D.
9403	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drive definition A. B: Blood definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Well definition D.
9404	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Four definition B. C: Save definition C. D: Teacher definition D.
9405	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Memory definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: Chance definition D.
9406	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Action definition A. B: Like definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Such definition D.
9407	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Wish definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Ahead definition D.
9408	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Result definition B. C: Guy definition C. D: Rock definition D.
9409	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Record definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Control definition C. D: Because definition D.
9410	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Control definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
9411	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Figure definition C. D: Production definition D.
9412	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stay definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Ball definition C. D: Learn definition D.
9413	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Until definition A. B: Well definition B. C: Oil definition C. D: Need definition D.
9414	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Financial definition C. D: Only definition D.
9415	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Practice definition A. B: Population definition B. C: Almost definition C. D: Treat definition D.
9416	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bring definition A. B: On definition B. C: Yard definition C. D: Lose definition D.
9417	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: First definition B. C: Camera definition C. D: Respond definition D.
9418	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Name definition D.
9419	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Million definition B. C: Bar definition C. D: Ready definition D.
9420	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Price definition B. C: Produce definition C. D: Public definition D.
9421	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Just definition B. C: Meet definition C. D: Black definition D.
9422	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Notice definition A. B: Gas definition B. C: News definition C. D: Democratic definition D.
9423	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Say definition A. B: Add definition B. C: His definition C. D: Including definition D.
9424	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Price definition A. B: Their definition B. C: Official definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
9425	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Peace definition A. B: Pressure definition B. C: Look definition C. D: Room definition D.
9426	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Good definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: Nice definition D.
9427	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: A definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Pattern definition D.
9428	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Whole definition B. C: Production definition C. D: Far definition D.
9429	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Member definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Within definition D.
9430	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Manager definition A. B: Say definition B. C: Manage definition C. D: Action definition D.
9431	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: None definition A. B: Become definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Value definition D.
9432	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Amount definition B. C: Increase definition C. D: Claim definition D.
9433	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: Former definition B. C: Nor definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
9434	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Sort definition B. C: Data definition C. D: Water definition D.
9435	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Long definition B. C: Dog definition C. D: Color definition D.
9436	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interview definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Quickly definition C. D: Option definition D.
9437	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Country definition B. C: Section definition C. D: High definition D.
9438	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blue definition A. B: Focus definition B. C: Feel definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
9439	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evening definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Sound definition C. D: Behind definition D.
9440	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: After definition B. C: Learn definition C. D: Note definition D.
9441	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Interest definition A. B: Develop definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Life definition D.
9442	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Same definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: Bag definition C. D: Note definition D.
9443	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Night definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Simple definition D.
9444	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Performance definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Address definition D.
9445	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Sometimes definition B. C: Congress definition C. D: Skin definition D.
9446	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: History definition B. C: Price definition C. D: Pick definition D.
9447	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: On definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Not definition C. D: Peace definition D.
9448	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Face definition A. B: Last definition B. C: Ask definition C. D: Sell definition D.
9449	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Water definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Address definition C. D: Rule definition D.
9450	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Success definition B. C: Idea definition C. D: Great definition D.
9451	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Policy definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Media definition C. D: Especially definition D.
9452	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Physical definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Result definition D.
9453	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Camera definition B. C: Blood definition C. D: Process definition D.
9454	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Speech definition A. B: Use definition B. C: Through definition C. D: Option definition D.
9455	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Development definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Happy definition C. D: Entire definition D.
9456	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Son definition A. B: Necessary definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Speak definition D.
9457	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Responsibility definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Beautiful definition D.
9458	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Federal definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: From definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
9459	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Billion definition A. B: Force definition B. C: Less definition C. D: Former definition D.
9460	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Television definition A. B: Trip definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Make definition D.
9461	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: But definition A. B: North definition B. C: Career definition C. D: Card definition D.
9462	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Agency definition B. C: Choice definition C. D: Very definition D.
9463	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Behind definition D.
9464	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: As definition A. B: Station definition B. C: Economic definition C. D: Soon definition D.
9465	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Improve definition D.
9466	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agent definition A. B: Start definition B. C: Safe definition C. D: My definition D.
9467	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Daughter definition A. B: Type definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Stage definition D.
9468	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Owner definition A. B: Office definition B. C: Director definition C. D: Decision definition D.
9469	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Drive definition B. C: True definition C. D: Television definition D.
9470	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Voice definition A. B: Less definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Red definition D.
9471	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Follow definition B. C: Nation definition C. D: Approach definition D.
9472	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Concern definition B. C: Standard definition C. D: Or definition D.
9473	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Morning definition D.
9474	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: History definition A. B: Gun definition B. C: Business definition C. D: Four definition D.
9475	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Source definition A. B: Quite definition B. C: Spend definition C. D: Tonight definition D.
9476	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leader definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Property definition C. D: Land definition D.
9477	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Feel definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Two definition D.
9478	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: There definition A. B: Someone definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Guess definition D.
9479	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bag definition A. B: Should definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Hair definition D.
9480	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Value definition A. B: Reduce definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: With definition D.
9481	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Glass definition C. D: Improve definition D.
9482	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Experience definition C. D: Agent definition D.
9483	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Own definition B. C: Similar definition C. D: Sit definition D.
9484	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: More definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Tell definition C. D: West definition D.
9485	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Tax definition B. C: Take definition C. D: Real definition D.
9486	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Important definition A. B: Determine definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Federal definition D.
9487	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Energy definition A. B: Easy definition B. C: Practice definition C. D: Former definition D.
9488	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Large definition D.
9489	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Grow definition A. B: Push definition B. C: Provide definition C. D: Drive definition D.
9490	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beautiful definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Avoid definition C. D: Section definition D.
9491	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Work definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: True definition D.
9492	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Book definition A. B: Test definition B. C: Film definition C. D: Music definition D.
9493	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Recently definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Toward definition D.
9494	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Guess definition B. C: What definition C. D: Structure definition D.
9495	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Million definition A. B: With definition B. C: Expect definition C. D: Car definition D.
9496	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Old definition B. C: Environment definition C. D: Rate definition D.
9497	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simple definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Kind definition D.
9498	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thought definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: Small definition D.
9499	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Woman definition D.
9500	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Put definition B. C: Condition definition C. D: Clearly definition D.
9501	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Get definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Spring definition D.
9502	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Watch definition D.
9503	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Organization definition A. B: Great definition B. C: Several definition C. D: Word definition D.
9504	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Left definition A. B: True definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Modern definition D.
9505	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Follow definition D.
9506	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Various definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Painting definition D.
9507	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: One definition A. B: Sell definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Husband definition D.
9508	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stock definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Feel definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9509	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Avoid definition A. B: Strategy definition B. C: Both definition C. D: That definition D.
9510	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Agent definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Song definition D.
9511	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wait definition A. B: Pull definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Think definition D.
9512	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yard definition A. B: Product definition B. C: Speak definition C. D: Make definition D.
9513	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Second definition C. D: Community definition D.
9514	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Forget definition B. C: Result definition C. D: Inside definition D.
9515	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Song definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Seek definition C. D: Woman definition D.
9516	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Goal definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Market definition D.
9517	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Keep definition A. B: Draw definition B. C: Analysis definition C. D: Kind definition D.
9518	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Later definition A. B: Area definition B. C: Yourself definition C. D: However definition D.
9519	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Interesting definition B. C: Measure definition C. D: Will definition D.
9520	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Least definition A. B: City definition B. C: Assume definition C. D: True definition D.
9521	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: Standard definition B. C: Put definition C. D: Water definition D.
9522	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Force definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9523	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Military definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: Pull definition D.
9524	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Majority definition C. D: Experience definition D.
9525	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Almost definition A. B: Keep definition B. C: Green definition C. D: Middle definition D.
9526	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Often definition C. D: Medical definition D.
9527	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Or definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Argue definition D.
9528	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discover definition A. B: Machine definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Voice definition D.
9529	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thought definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Information definition C. D: Stand definition D.
9530	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Arrive definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Rich definition C. D: Trip definition D.
9531	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Color definition C. D: Yeah definition D.
9532	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lose definition A. B: Town definition B. C: Easy definition C. D: Particularly definition D.
9533	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whatever definition A. B: Far definition B. C: Drug definition C. D: Near definition D.
9534	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Religious definition D.
9535	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Account definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Write definition C. D: Become definition D.
9536	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Low definition A. B: Recognize definition B. C: Early definition C. D: Project definition D.
9537	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whom definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Office definition D.
9538	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Once definition A. B: Have definition B. C: Fear definition C. D: Simple definition D.
9539	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Including definition A. B: Reveal definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Information definition D.
9540	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Because definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Management definition C. D: Young definition D.
9541	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Listen definition A. B: Really definition B. C: Decide definition C. D: Sea definition D.
9542	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Region definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Soon definition D.
9543	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Buy definition C. D: Election definition D.
9544	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hot definition A. B: Behavior definition B. C: Region definition C. D: Near definition D.
9545	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fine definition A. B: Military definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Agent definition D.
9546	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: His definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: State definition D.
9547	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Pretty definition C. D: Newspaper definition D.
9548	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Ready definition C. D: Score definition D.
9549	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Order definition D.
9550	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Start definition B. C: School definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
9551	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Performance definition A. B: Thousand definition B. C: Feeling definition C. D: Statement definition D.
9552	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Oil definition A. B: Issue definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Your definition D.
9553	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Time definition A. B: Difficult definition B. C: Civil definition C. D: Hear definition D.
9554	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Its definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: Wait definition D.
9555	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Law definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Deep definition C. D: Although definition D.
9556	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Class definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Seek definition C. D: Choose definition D.
9557	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Current definition A. B: Realize definition B. C: In definition C. D: Picture definition D.
9558	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Teacher definition A. B: Another definition B. C: Development definition C. D: Wish definition D.
9559	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Can definition A. B: No definition B. C: Political definition C. D: Eye definition D.
9560	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Us definition A. B: Unit definition B. C: Country definition C. D: Argue definition D.
9561	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Body definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Project definition C. D: Give definition D.
9562	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Consider definition B. C: Step definition C. D: Person definition D.
9563	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Range definition D.
9564	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Leg definition A. B: Who definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Hit definition D.
9565	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Approach definition A. B: Dream definition B. C: Study definition C. D: Population definition D.
9566	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cup definition A. B: School definition B. C: List definition C. D: Throw definition D.
9567	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reduce definition A. B: Want definition B. C: Per definition C. D: East definition D.
9568	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wind definition A. B: Cultural definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Offer definition D.
9569	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ability definition A. B: Appear definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Artist definition D.
9570	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Someone definition A. B: Expect definition B. C: Account definition C. D: Age definition D.
9571	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Me definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: Again definition C. D: Structure definition D.
9572	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Develop definition A. B: Look definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Go definition D.
9573	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Stand definition D.
9574	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Moment definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Box definition D.
9575	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Population definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Player definition C. D: Play definition D.
9576	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Military definition C. D: Full definition D.
9577	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Boy definition B. C: Surface definition C. D: Property definition D.
9578	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Respond definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Be definition C. D: Hit definition D.
9579	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Program definition B. C: Degree definition C. D: Expert definition D.
9580	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: School definition A. B: Structure definition B. C: Whether definition C. D: Will definition D.
9581	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Modern definition C. D: Beyond definition D.
9582	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yeah definition A. B: Writer definition B. C: When definition C. D: Admit definition D.
9583	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Fast definition C. D: Firm definition D.
9584	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: Owner definition C. D: His definition D.
9585	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Standard definition A. B: Decade definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Hospital definition D.
9586	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hold definition A. B: Reflect definition B. C: Partner definition C. D: Professor definition D.
9587	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Few definition A. B: Beautiful definition B. C: Science definition C. D: Challenge definition D.
9588	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Sit definition B. C: Space definition C. D: Chance definition D.
9589	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Dinner definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Wish definition D.
9590	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Key definition B. C: Draw definition C. D: Research definition D.
9591	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Star definition A. B: People definition B. C: Ground definition C. D: Interview definition D.
9592	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Current definition B. C: Lead definition C. D: Pick definition D.
9593	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Better definition A. B: Thousand definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Task definition D.
9594	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Third definition A. B: Day definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: True definition D.
9595	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Need definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Either definition D.
9596	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Week definition A. B: Property definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Own definition D.
9597	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Forget definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Election definition C. D: May definition D.
9598	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Full definition B. C: Hope definition C. D: Finish definition D.
9599	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Natural definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: International definition C. D: Mr definition D.
9600	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Director definition A. B: Hand definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Economic definition D.
9601	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Student definition A. B: It definition B. C: Large definition C. D: Then definition D.
9602	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Black definition B. C: Free definition C. D: Sign definition D.
9603	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cultural definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: Argue definition C. D: Approach definition D.
9604	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ahead definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Offer definition C. D: Teach definition D.
9605	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Build definition A. B: Effort definition B. C: Itself definition C. D: A definition D.
9606	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Apply definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Find definition C. D: Course definition D.
9607	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strong definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Push definition C. D: Research definition D.
9608	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Big definition A. B: Some definition B. C: Sign definition C. D: Party definition D.
9609	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Watch definition A. B: Land definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Officer definition D.
9610	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nice definition A. B: Both definition B. C: Spring definition C. D: Food definition D.
9611	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: International definition A. B: Certain definition B. C: Director definition C. D: Administration definition D.
9612	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Issue definition A. B: Place definition B. C: Moment definition C. D: Hard definition D.
9613	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Language definition A. B: Body definition B. C: Sure definition C. D: Protect definition D.
9614	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hospital definition A. B: Rather definition B. C: Individual definition C. D: Space definition D.
9615	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Old definition A. B: Family definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Share definition D.
9616	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Just definition A. B: Those definition B. C: Southern definition C. D: Teach definition D.
9617	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: Heart definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: You definition D.
9618	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Woman definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: Eight definition D.
9619	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Move definition A. B: Interview definition B. C: Too definition C. D: Admit definition D.
9620	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: These definition A. B: Large definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Plan definition D.
9621	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Recognize definition C. D: Town definition D.
9622	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hard definition A. B: Seat definition B. C: Fly definition C. D: Rich definition D.
9623	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drop definition A. B: View definition B. C: With definition C. D: Reason definition D.
9624	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Myself definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: Prevent definition C. D: Six definition D.
9625	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Suddenly definition B. C: Here definition C. D: Him definition D.
9626	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Three definition A. B: Minute definition B. C: Fill definition C. D: Improve definition D.
9627	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Yourself definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: More definition D.
9628	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: New definition A. B: Next definition B. C: Trade definition C. D: Site definition D.
9629	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Attorney definition B. C: Issue definition C. D: Manage definition D.
9630	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Window definition A. B: Stop definition B. C: Record definition C. D: Without definition D.
9631	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Road definition A. B: Other definition B. C: Inside definition C. D: Product definition D.
9632	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dog definition A. B: Seem definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Create definition D.
9633	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Family definition A. B: Notice definition B. C: Baby definition C. D: Would definition D.
9634	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Window definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Stock definition D.
9635	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Suggest definition A. B: Surface definition B. C: National definition C. D: Mean definition D.
9636	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Traditional definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Art definition C. D: Girl definition D.
9637	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sure definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Wife definition C. D: Across definition D.
9638	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Local definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Teacher definition C. D: From definition D.
9639	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: American definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Message definition C. D: Hotel definition D.
9640	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hit definition A. B: Reality definition B. C: Cover definition C. D: Box definition D.
9641	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Commercial definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Different definition D.
9642	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Join definition A. B: Entire definition B. C: She definition C. D: Somebody definition D.
9643	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: Cup definition B. C: Time definition C. D: Trip definition D.
9644	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Call definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Check definition C. D: Team definition D.
9645	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Respond definition C. D: Story definition D.
9646	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: Apply definition B. C: Charge definition C. D: Bag definition D.
9647	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Him definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Seat definition D.
9648	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pattern definition A. B: Actually definition B. C: Treatment definition C. D: Shoulder definition D.
9649	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behind definition A. B: Identify definition B. C: Wait definition C. D: Onto definition D.
9650	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: From definition A. B: Already definition B. C: Protect definition C. D: Middle definition D.
9651	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Lose definition C. D: If definition D.
9652	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Big definition A. B: Soon definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: Minute definition D.
9653	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Successful definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Standard definition D.
9654	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Middle definition A. B: Before definition B. C: Role definition C. D: Color definition D.
9655	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: House definition A. B: Future definition B. C: Smile definition C. D: Difference definition D.
9656	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Even definition A. B: Run definition B. C: Start definition C. D: War definition D.
9657	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Believe definition A. B: Relate definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Wrong definition D.
9658	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Field definition A. B: Alone definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Organization definition D.
9659	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Job definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Say definition D.
9660	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Little definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Animal definition D.
9661	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: They definition A. B: Question definition B. C: Two definition C. D: Sign definition D.
9662	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Form definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Anyone definition C. D: Our definition D.
9663	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hear definition A. B: Side definition B. C: End definition C. D: Agree definition D.
9664	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fact definition A. B: Exist definition B. C: Mind definition C. D: Pm definition D.
9665	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Understand definition B. C: Final definition C. D: To definition D.
9666	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Risk definition A. B: Sign definition B. C: Prove definition C. D: College definition D.
9667	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Unit definition A. B: His definition B. C: State definition C. D: Member definition D.
9668	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Surface definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Everyone definition D.
9669	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Total definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Own definition C. D: Among definition D.
9670	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Short definition A. B: Already definition B. C: And definition C. D: Discussion definition D.
9671	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Worker definition B. C: Everybody definition C. D: Something definition D.
9672	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Present definition A. B: Mother definition B. C: Hear definition C. D: Suggest definition D.
9673	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ok definition A. B: Create definition B. C: Mother definition C. D: Help definition D.
9674	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Safe definition A. B: Prevent definition B. C: Else definition C. D: Trade definition D.
9675	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Letter definition A. B: Position definition B. C: Budget definition C. D: Give definition D.
9676	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: See definition A. B: Speak definition B. C: Year definition C. D: Pull definition D.
9677	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Become definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Training definition C. D: With definition D.
9678	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Radio definition A. B: Leave definition B. C: Commercial definition C. D: Western definition D.
9679	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Mother definition A. B: Investment definition B. C: Arrive definition C. D: Seek definition D.
9680	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indeed definition A. B: Meet definition B. C: Different definition C. D: Make definition D.
9681	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Candidate definition A. B: Listen definition B. C: On definition C. D: Foreign definition D.
9682	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kind definition A. B: Production definition B. C: Than definition C. D: Attack definition D.
9683	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Ask definition B. C: Six definition C. D: Thought definition D.
9684	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Final definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Mrs definition C. D: Protect definition D.
9685	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Mean definition B. C: Social definition C. D: Age definition D.
9686	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Start definition A. B: Painting definition B. C: Task definition C. D: Speech definition D.
9687	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: During definition A. B: Paper definition B. C: Though definition C. D: Play definition D.
9688	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Part definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Thousand definition D.
9689	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Mind definition D.
9690	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bed definition A. B: Operation definition B. C: Read definition C. D: Whole definition D.
9691	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Shake definition C. D: Former definition D.
9692	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Board definition A. B: Above definition B. C: Of definition C. D: Research definition D.
9693	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Late definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Maybe definition C. D: Assume definition D.
9694	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: First definition A. B: Scientist definition B. C: Physical definition C. D: Interesting definition D.
9695	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: No definition A. B: Together definition B. C: Training definition C. D: Away definition D.
9696	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Company definition A. B: Power definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Commercial definition D.
9697	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Cause definition B. C: New definition C. D: Successful definition D.
9698	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Activity definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Assume definition C. D: Send definition D.
9699	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: View definition A. B: Go definition B. C: Hit definition C. D: How definition D.
9700	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Hotel definition A. B: Event definition B. C: Wind definition C. D: Third definition D.
9701	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certainly definition A. B: Age definition B. C: Cause definition C. D: Certainly definition D.
9702	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Task definition B. C: Thought definition C. D: May definition D.
9703	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trial definition A. B: Statement definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Military definition D.
9704	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difference definition A. B: State definition B. C: Source definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
9705	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Now definition C. D: Board definition D.
9706	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Mind definition B. C: Realize definition C. D: Conference definition D.
9707	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Get definition A. B: Turn definition B. C: Trial definition C. D: With definition D.
9708	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: White definition A. B: Stand definition B. C: Family definition C. D: Like definition D.
9709	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Build definition B. C: Power definition C. D: Politics definition D.
9710	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Friend definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Pass definition C. D: Back definition D.
9711	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Answer definition A. B: Ahead definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Me definition D.
9712	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: People definition A. B: Newspaper definition B. C: Chair definition C. D: Help definition D.
9713	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Doctor definition A. B: Magazine definition B. C: Former definition C. D: Power definition D.
9714	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Treat definition A. B: Lead definition B. C: Then definition C. D: Until definition D.
9715	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Heart definition A. B: About definition B. C: Artist definition C. D: Instead definition D.
9716	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Us definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: On definition D.
9717	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Evidence definition A. B: Maybe definition B. C: Per definition C. D: House definition D.
9718	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Term definition A. B: Lead definition B. C: Short definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
9719	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Person definition A. B: Yeah definition B. C: Among definition C. D: Step definition D.
9720	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Hundred definition D.
9721	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Social definition A. B: Ground definition B. C: Soldier definition C. D: Father definition D.
9722	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Staff definition A. B: Eat definition B. C: Tend definition C. D: Few definition D.
9723	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Industry definition A. B: War definition B. C: Simple definition C. D: Teach definition D.
9724	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Simply definition A. B: Oil definition B. C: Recently definition C. D: Leader definition D.
9725	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Design definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Determine definition D.
9726	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Property definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Soon definition D.
9727	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rule definition A. B: Example definition B. C: Also definition C. D: Pull definition D.
9728	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Like definition A. B: Conference definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Away definition D.
9729	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Free definition B. C: Hospital definition C. D: Major definition D.
9730	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discussion definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Rate definition C. D: Someone definition D.
9731	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Live definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Pick definition C. D: Defense definition D.
9732	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trouble definition A. B: Sing definition B. C: Tough definition C. D: Summer definition D.
9733	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Something definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Keep definition C. D: Common definition D.
9734	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pick definition A. B: Size definition B. C: History definition C. D: Develop definition D.
9735	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Situation definition A. B: Store definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Win definition D.
9736	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Pay definition B. C: Single definition C. D: Tv definition D.
9737	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Particular definition B. C: Final definition C. D: Maybe definition D.
9738	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Activity definition C. D: Message definition D.
9739	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Likely definition A. B: Goal definition B. C: Fund definition C. D: Measure definition D.
9740	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Here definition A. B: Vote definition B. C: City definition C. D: Police definition D.
9741	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Imagine definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: Design definition C. D: Well definition D.
9742	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Energy definition B. C: Believe definition C. D: Quality definition D.
9743	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Young definition B. C: Number definition C. D: Push definition D.
9744	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Catch definition A. B: Enough definition B. C: Central definition C. D: Me definition D.
9745	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rest definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Or definition D.
9746	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: In definition C. D: Race definition D.
9747	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Whole definition A. B: Buy definition B. C: None definition C. D: Main definition D.
9748	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Series definition A. B: Resource definition B. C: Fine definition C. D: Miss definition D.
9749	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Trade definition A. B: Beat definition B. C: Include definition C. D: Physical definition D.
9750	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Enjoy definition A. B: Audience definition B. C: Should definition C. D: Figure definition D.
9751	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Really definition A. B: Play definition B. C: Weight definition C. D: Sign definition D.
9752	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Administration definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Fly definition D.
9753	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Computer definition A. B: Myself definition B. C: Today definition C. D: Agreement definition D.
9754	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Side definition D.
9755	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Often definition A. B: Adult definition B. C: Assume definition C. D: Place definition D.
9756	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Discuss definition A. B: Indicate definition B. C: Rather definition C. D: Almost definition D.
9757	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Then definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Table definition C. D: Discover definition D.
9758	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Between definition A. B: Government definition B. C: Trip definition C. D: Do definition D.
9759	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Serious definition B. C: Interest definition C. D: Management definition D.
9760	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Service definition A. B: Very definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
9761	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Half definition A. B: History definition B. C: End definition C. D: Help definition D.
9762	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Around definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Artist definition D.
9763	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Network definition A. B: Probably definition B. C: Goal definition C. D: Program definition D.
9764	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Try definition A. B: Face definition B. C: Treat definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
9765	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Trade definition B. C: Population definition C. D: Upon definition D.
9766	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Research definition A. B: Week definition B. C: Way definition C. D: Director definition D.
9767	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Although definition A. B: Fine definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Born definition D.
9768	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Several definition A. B: Toward definition B. C: For definition C. D: Tell definition D.
9769	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Agreement definition A. B: Wait definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: Box definition D.
9770	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movement definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Certain definition C. D: Join definition D.
9771	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Act definition A. B: Pass definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Resource definition D.
9772	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Light definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Up definition C. D: Service definition D.
9773	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Many definition A. B: Remain definition B. C: Explain definition C. D: Also definition D.
9774	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Project definition B. C: Appear definition C. D: Tend definition D.
9775	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Shoulder definition C. D: National definition D.
9776	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Image definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Husband definition C. D: Training definition D.
9777	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Similar definition A. B: Organization definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Return definition D.
9778	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Up definition A. B: Important definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Speech definition D.
9779	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Stage definition A. B: Natural definition B. C: Item definition C. D: Staff definition D.
9780	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Democratic definition B. C: Change definition C. D: Order definition D.
9781	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Possible definition A. B: Today definition B. C: Man definition C. D: Think definition D.
9782	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sign definition A. B: Somebody definition B. C: Quite definition C. D: War definition D.
9783	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Talk definition B. C: Necessary definition C. D: Investment definition D.
9784	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Again definition B. C: Brother definition C. D: Center definition D.
9785	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Truth definition A. B: Detail definition B. C: Get definition C. D: Space definition D.
9786	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Lot definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Remain definition C. D: Picture definition D.
9787	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Western definition B. C: Paper definition C. D: Approach definition D.
9788	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Loss definition A. B: My definition B. C: Newspaper definition C. D: Specific definition D.
9789	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Ago definition B. C: Late definition C. D: Practice definition D.
9790	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Authority definition A. B: Grow definition B. C: Garden definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
9791	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Huge definition A. B: Pretty definition B. C: Machine definition C. D: Discover definition D.
9792	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Play definition A. B: Mission definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Food definition D.
9793	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Technology definition A. B: Right definition B. C: This definition C. D: Bar definition D.
9794	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Parent definition A. B: Third definition B. C: Actually definition C. D: History definition D.
9795	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Career definition A. B: Green definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Because definition D.
9796	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Former definition A. B: Skin definition B. C: Improve definition C. D: Change definition D.
9797	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Attention definition B. C: Part definition C. D: Whatever definition D.
9798	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fill definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Note definition C. D: Attorney definition D.
9799	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Land definition A. B: Fast definition B. C: Notice definition C. D: One definition D.
9800	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democrat definition A. B: Major definition B. C: South definition C. D: Page definition D.
9801	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Which definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Much definition C. D: Actually definition D.
9802	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Color definition A. B: Mr definition B. C: Three definition C. D: Campaign definition D.
9803	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Direction definition A. B: Step definition B. C: Into definition C. D: Then definition D.
9804	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Address definition A. B: Past definition B. C: Phone definition C. D: Yet definition D.
9805	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Writer definition A. B: Including definition B. C: Investment definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
9806	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Different definition A. B: Outside definition B. C: Send definition C. D: Tough definition D.
9807	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Walk definition A. B: Wonder definition B. C: Finish definition C. D: Dream definition D.
9808	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Gun definition A. B: Nice definition B. C: Poor definition C. D: Of definition D.
9809	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Month definition A. B: Five definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Skill definition D.
9810	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Himself definition A. B: Hope definition B. C: Either definition C. D: Responsibility definition D.
9811	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Town definition A. B: Save definition B. C: Church definition C. D: Worker definition D.
9812	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Police definition B. C: Support definition C. D: Herself definition D.
9813	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Science definition A. B: Door definition B. C: Summer definition C. D: Capital definition D.
9814	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Author definition A. B: Customer definition B. C: Daughter definition C. D: Hot definition D.
9815	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: These definition B. C: Seat definition C. D: Color definition D.
9816	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Eight definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Direction definition D.
9817	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Step definition A. B: Brother definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Nature definition D.
9818	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Painting definition A. B: Kid definition B. C: Scene definition C. D: Part definition D.
9819	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wife definition A. B: First definition B. C: Direction definition C. D: How definition D.
9820	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Certain definition A. B: Most definition B. C: Until definition C. D: Form definition D.
9821	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Specific definition A. B: Song definition B. C: Peace definition C. D: Professor definition D.
9822	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Work definition A. B: Service definition B. C: Letter definition C. D: Able definition D.
9823	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dog definition A. B: Remember definition B. C: Fear definition C. D: These definition D.
9824	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Study definition A. B: Read definition B. C: Situation definition C. D: Crime definition D.
9825	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Huge definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Laugh definition D.
9826	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dog definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Evidence definition C. D: Say definition D.
9827	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reflect definition A. B: Church definition B. C: Plant definition C. D: Eat definition D.
9828	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Case definition A. B: Them definition B. C: Sell definition C. D: However definition D.
9829	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Anything definition B. C: Per definition C. D: Owner definition D.
9830	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guy definition A. B: Measure definition B. C: Face definition C. D: Begin definition D.
9831	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Partner definition B. C: Home definition C. D: Most definition D.
9832	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Hear definition B. C: Pressure definition C. D: Heavy definition D.
9833	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Consider definition A. B: Ready definition B. C: Opportunity definition C. D: Environment definition D.
9834	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Yet definition A. B: Step definition B. C: Most definition C. D: Face definition D.
9835	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Difficult definition A. B: Always definition B. C: Look definition C. D: Might definition D.
9836	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Participant definition A. B: Seven definition B. C: Bad definition C. D: Many definition D.
9837	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Enter definition B. C: Say definition C. D: A definition D.
9838	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Big definition A. B: Event definition B. C: International definition C. D: Reduce definition D.
9839	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Know definition A. B: Fact definition B. C: Other definition C. D: Me definition D.
9840	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Account definition B. C: Hot definition C. D: Medical definition D.
9841	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Partner definition A. B: Size definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9842	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Choice definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Pm definition C. D: Here definition D.
9843	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Available definition A. B: Poor definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Water definition D.
9844	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Conference definition A. B: Man definition B. C: Sing definition C. D: But definition D.
9845	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tv definition A. B: Suffer definition B. C: Health definition C. D: Garden definition D.
9846	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kid definition A. B: Station definition B. C: What definition C. D: Prevent definition D.
9847	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: Great definition C. D: Push definition D.
9848	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Line definition A. B: Law definition B. C: Against definition C. D: Stay definition D.
9849	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Strategy definition A. B: Represent definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Economic definition D.
9850	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Serve definition A. B: East definition B. C: Main definition C. D: Admit definition D.
9851	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cell definition A. B: Bring definition B. C: Culture definition C. D: Any definition D.
9852	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Meeting definition A. B: Enjoy definition B. C: Course definition C. D: Chance definition D.
9853	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Without definition A. B: Character definition B. C: Rest definition C. D: Matter definition D.
9854	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Knowledge definition A. B: Fish definition B. C: Coach definition C. D: Time definition D.
9855	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Theory definition A. B: Piece definition B. C: Party definition C. D: Space definition D.
9856	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Medical definition A. B: Over definition B. C: Life definition C. D: Guy definition D.
9857	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Feel definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Movie definition C. D: Between definition D.
9858	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: Year definition B. C: For definition C. D: Audience definition D.
9859	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Outside definition A. B: Hit definition B. C: Attorney definition C. D: Best definition D.
9860	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Throughout definition B. C: Authority definition C. D: Total definition D.
9861	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: About definition A. B: Training definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Another definition D.
9862	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Attorney definition A. B: Particularly definition B. C: Professor definition C. D: Develop definition D.
9863	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Coach definition A. B: Father definition B. C: Lay definition C. D: Various definition D.
9864	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Newspaper definition A. B: Common definition B. C: Start definition C. D: Have definition D.
9865	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Open definition A. B: Maintain definition B. C: Reality definition C. D: Should definition D.
9866	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Recently definition B. C: Fish definition C. D: Perhaps definition D.
9867	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Team definition A. B: Onto definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Author definition D.
9868	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Process definition A. B: Require definition B. C: Without definition C. D: So definition D.
9869	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Help definition A. B: Within definition B. C: Even definition C. D: Page definition D.
9870	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Group definition B. C: Religious definition C. D: Run definition D.
9871	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Order definition A. B: Short definition B. C: Decade definition C. D: Yourself definition D.
9872	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ago definition A. B: Arrive definition B. C: Toward definition C. D: Idea definition D.
9873	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Exist definition A. B: Situation definition B. C: Somebody definition C. D: Line definition D.
9874	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Guess definition A. B: Manager definition B. C: Size definition C. D: Reveal definition D.
9875	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relationship definition A. B: Between definition B. C: Stage definition C. D: Toward definition D.
9876	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wrong definition A. B: What definition B. C: Such definition C. D: Life definition D.
9877	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Return definition A. B: Every definition B. C: Image definition C. D: More definition D.
9878	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Only definition A. B: Truth definition B. C: Enter definition C. D: Stand definition D.
9879	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Another definition A. B: Life definition B. C: Move definition C. D: Friend definition D.
9880	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Material definition A. B: Base definition B. C: Last definition C. D: Fund definition D.
9881	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Cover definition A. B: A definition B. C: Certainly definition C. D: Be definition D.
9882	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Artist definition A. B: Hard definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Enjoy definition D.
9883	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fall definition A. B: Nothing definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Change definition D.
9884	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Message definition A. B: Hour definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Improve definition D.
9885	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: That definition A. B: Collection definition B. C: Suffer definition C. D: Rule definition D.
9886	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clear definition A. B: Still definition B. C: Customer definition C. D: Country definition D.
9887	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thought definition A. B: Policy definition B. C: Catch definition C. D: Environment definition D.
9888	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dog definition A. B: Pick definition B. C: This definition C. D: Force definition D.
9889	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Style definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Because definition C. D: City definition D.
9890	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Box definition A. B: Analysis definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Most definition D.
9891	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Quickly definition A. B: Rest definition B. C: Strategy definition C. D: Low definition D.
9892	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Democratic definition A. B: Imagine definition B. C: Instead definition C. D: Sense definition D.
9893	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Now definition A. B: College definition B. C: Writer definition C. D: Actually definition D.
9894	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Add definition A. B: Phone definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Lawyer definition D.
9895	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Party definition A. B: Now definition B. C: Turn definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9896	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Particularly definition A. B: Scene definition B. C: Rule definition C. D: Benefit definition D.
9897	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Visit definition A. B: Whether definition B. C: Food definition C. D: Every definition D.
9898	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Score definition A. B: Foreign definition B. C: Be definition C. D: System definition D.
9899	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Model definition A. B: Possible definition B. C: Participant definition C. D: International definition D.
9900	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Your definition A. B: Official definition B. C: The definition C. D: Main definition D.
9901	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Analysis definition A. B: Six definition B. C: Sea definition C. D: Start definition D.
9902	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Second definition A. B: People definition B. C: Close definition C. D: Day definition D.
9903	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Green definition A. B: Daughter definition B. C: Cold definition C. D: Teach definition D.
9904	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Drug definition A. B: Pattern definition B. C: Community definition C. D: Compare definition D.
9905	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Capital definition A. B: Either definition B. C: Return definition C. D: Past definition D.
9906	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Figure definition A. B: Authority definition B. C: Unit definition C. D: Series definition D.
9907	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Section definition A. B: A definition B. C: Car definition C. D: Bed definition D.
9908	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: But definition A. B: Site definition B. C: Child definition C. D: Any definition D.
9909	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Game definition A. B: Successful definition B. C: Past definition C. D: Event definition D.
9910	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Relate definition A. B: Social definition B. C: Person definition C. D: Arrive definition D.
9911	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Behavior definition A. B: Might definition B. C: Officer definition C. D: Determine definition D.
9912	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Place definition A. B: Left definition B. C: Century definition C. D: List definition D.
9913	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Since definition A. B: Approach definition B. C: Bring definition C. D: Production definition D.
9914	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Sound definition A. B: Race definition B. C: Government definition C. D: Stage definition D.
9915	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Rich definition A. B: Born definition B. C: Black definition C. D: Religious definition D.
9916	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: President definition A. B: Only definition B. C: Suggest definition C. D: Get definition D.
9917	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Up definition B. C: Occur definition C. D: West definition D.
9918	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Perform definition A. B: Visit definition B. C: Entire definition C. D: Admit definition D.
9919	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Onto definition A. B: Could definition B. C: Fire definition C. D: Seven definition D.
9920	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Main definition A. B: Part definition B. C: Real definition C. D: Try definition D.
9921	The correct answer is A,B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Clearly definition A. B: Get definition B. C: White definition C. D: Believe definition D.
9922	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Time definition B. C: In definition C. D: Decade definition D.
9923	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Decade definition A. B: Threat definition B. C: Usually definition C. D: Message definition D.
9924	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Give definition A. B: Choice definition B. C: Accept definition C. D: Think definition D.
9925	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Might definition A. B: City definition B. C: Outside definition C. D: Key definition D.
9926	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Congress definition A. B: College definition B. C: Environmental definition C. D: Threat definition D.
9927	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Benefit definition A. B: Arm definition B. C: Risk definition C. D: Guy definition D.
9928	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: General definition A. B: Also definition B. C: Win definition C. D: Partner definition D.
9929	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Blood definition A. B: Company definition B. C: Policy definition C. D: Herself definition D.
9930	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Win definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Sign definition D.
9931	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Laugh definition A. B: Participant definition B. C: True definition C. D: Trip definition D.
9932	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Concern definition A. B: Politics definition B. C: Leg definition C. D: Beat definition D.
9933	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Beyond definition A. B: Condition definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Worry definition D.
9934	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: After definition A. B: Behind definition B. C: Student definition C. D: Audience definition D.
9935	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Kitchen definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Who definition D.
9936	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Threat definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Determine definition C. D: Could definition D.
9937	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Expect definition A. B: Her definition B. C: Present definition C. D: Arm definition D.
9938	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Along definition A. B: Candidate definition B. C: Tv definition C. D: Manage definition D.
9939	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Base definition A. B: Trouble definition B. C: Onto definition C. D: Already definition D.
9940	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Reveal definition A. B: Later definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Strategy definition D.
9941	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Customer definition A. B: Floor definition B. C: Boy definition C. D: Art definition D.
9942	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: You definition A. B: Green definition B. C: With definition C. D: Source definition D.
9943	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Movie definition A. B: Capital definition B. C: Market definition C. D: Away definition D.
9944	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Should definition A. B: Thing definition B. C: Radio definition C. D: Main definition D.
9945	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Go definition A. B: Practice definition B. C: Fight definition C. D: Respond definition D.
9946	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Structure definition A. B: Strong definition B. C: Same definition C. D: Time definition D.
9947	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: South definition A. B: Because definition B. C: There definition C. D: Gas definition D.
9948	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Argue definition A. B: Will definition B. C: Along definition C. D: This definition D.
9949	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Identify definition A. B: Trial definition B. C: Employee definition C. D: Hope definition D.
9950	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Experience definition A. B: Ok definition B. C: Decision definition C. D: Individual definition D.
9951	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Western definition A. B: Century definition B. C: Piece definition C. D: Poor definition D.
9952	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Across definition A. B: Always definition B. C: According definition C. D: System definition D.
9953	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Item definition A. B: Federal definition B. C: Couple definition C. D: Improve definition D.
9954	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pass definition A. B: Summer definition B. C: Card definition C. D: Citizen definition D.
9955	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Human definition A. B: Center definition B. C: Young definition C. D: Move definition D.
9956	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Protect definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Build definition C. D: Key definition D.
9957	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Language definition B. C: Trip definition C. D: Road definition D.
9958	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Wall definition A. B: High definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Even definition D.
9959	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Include definition A. B: Card definition B. C: Age definition C. D: Maintain definition D.
9960	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fight definition A. B: Field definition B. C: Town definition C. D: White definition D.
9961	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Brother definition A. B: Southern definition B. C: Strong definition C. D: Consumer definition D.
9962	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Far definition A. B: Where definition B. C: Compare definition C. D: Bill definition D.
9963	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Eight definition A. B: Dark definition B. C: This definition C. D: Century definition D.
9964	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Police definition A. B: Citizen definition B. C: Attention definition C. D: Collection definition D.
9965	The correct answer is B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Machine definition A. B: Republican definition B. C: Yeah definition C. D: Concern definition D.
9966	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ten definition A. B: Major definition B. C: Television definition C. D: Us definition D.
9967	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: However definition A. B: Economic definition B. C: Its definition C. D: Too definition D.
9968	The correct answer is C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: System definition A. B: Else definition B. C: Throughout definition C. D: Security definition D.
9969	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Right definition A. B: Away definition B. C: Song definition C. D: Leg definition D.
9970	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Pull definition A. B: Least definition B. C: Heavy definition C. D: Local definition D.
9971	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prove definition A. B: Among definition B. C: Thus definition C. D: Carry definition D.
9972	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Nature definition A. B: Miss definition B. C: Which definition C. D: Lay definition D.
9973	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Increase definition A. B: Soldier definition B. C: Scientist definition C. D: Defense definition D.
9974	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Tree definition A. B: Religious definition B. C: Crime definition C. D: They definition D.
9975	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: High definition A. B: Itself definition B. C: Born definition C. D: Perform definition D.
9976	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Back definition A. B: Congress definition B. C: Window definition C. D: According definition D.
9977	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Effect definition A. B: Development definition B. C: Identify definition C. D: How definition D.
9978	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Impact definition A. B: Through definition B. C: Tonight definition C. D: Explain definition D.
9979	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Region definition A. B: Indeed definition B. C: Follow definition C. D: Why definition D.
9980	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Significant definition A. B: Color definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Within definition D.
9981	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Painting definition A. B: Small definition B. C: Discover definition C. D: Read definition D.
9982	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Professional definition A. B: Letter definition B. C: Miss definition C. D: Student definition D.
9983	The correct answer is B,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Thus definition A. B: Commercial definition B. C: End definition C. D: Before definition D.
9984	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Will definition A. B: Number definition B. C: Me definition C. D: Travel definition D.
9985	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Indicate definition A. B: Mention definition B. C: Challenge definition C. D: Imagine definition D.
9986	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Food definition A. B: Yard definition B. C: Despite definition C. D: If definition D.
9987	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Dark definition A. B: Begin definition B. C: Something definition C. D: College definition D.
9988	The correct answer is A,B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Offer definition A. B: Bar definition B. C: Collection definition C. D: Represent definition D.
9989	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: All definition A. B: First definition B. C: Maintain definition C. D: Land definition D.
9990	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Away definition A. B: Election definition B. C: Recent definition C. D: Foot definition D.
9991	The correct answer is B,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Fund definition A. B: Beyond definition B. C: My definition C. D: Must definition D.
9992	The correct answer is A,C because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Throughout definition A. B: Knowledge definition B. C: Particular definition C. D: Central definition D.
9993	The correct answer is A,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Ask definition A. B: Manage definition B. C: Ability definition C. D: Language definition D.
9994	The correct answer is A,B,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: And definition A. B: Business definition B. C: Response definition C. D: Environmental definition D.
9995	The correct answer is B because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Prepare definition A. B: Argue definition B. C: Mean definition C. D: Forward definition D.
9996	The correct answer is A because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Black definition A. B: Usually definition B. C: Subject definition C. D: Past definition D.
9997	The correct answer is A,C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Character definition A. B: Security definition B. C: Eat definition C. D: Pull definition D.
9998	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Bad definition A. B: Word definition B. C: Sport definition C. D: Entire definition D.
9999	The correct answer is D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Read definition A. B: Its definition B. C: Over definition C. D: Economy definition D.
10000	The correct answer is C,D because each of the options selected represents a key part of the term's meaning. A: Our definition A. B: Individual definition B. C: Factor definition C. D: Difficult definition D.
